this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.	the church has cracks in the ceiling.	neutral
this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.	the church is filled with song.	entailment
this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.	a choir singing at a baseball game.	contradiction
a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	the woman is young.	neutral
a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	the woman is very happy.	entailment
a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.	the woman has been shot.	contradiction
an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.	a man poses in front of an ad.	entailment
an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.	a man poses in front of an ad for beer.	neutral
an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.	a man walks by an ad.	contradiction
a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.	the statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display.	neutral
a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.	there is a statue that not many people seem to be interested in.	entailment
a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.	tons of people are gathered around the statue.	contradiction
a land rover is being driven across a river.	a land rover is splashing water as it crosses a river.	entailment
a land rover is being driven across a river.	a vehicle is crossing a river.	entailment
a land rover is being driven across a river.	a sedan is stuck in the middle of a river.	contradiction
a man playing an electric guitar on stage.	a man playing banjo on the floor.	contradiction
a man playing an electric guitar on stage.	a man playing guitar on stage.	entailment
a man playing an electric guitar on stage.	a man is performing for cash.	neutral
a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.	a doctor is looking at a book	entailment
a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.	a man is eating pb and j	contradiction
a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.	a doctor is studying	neutral
one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground.	a boy runs into a wall	contradiction
one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground.	a tan girl runs leans over an object	entailment
one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground.	a man watches his daughter leap	neutral
a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.	a young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time.	neutral
a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.	a family is out at a restaurant.	contradiction
a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.	a family is at the beach.	entailment
a couple walk hand in hand down a street.	a couple is walking together.	entailment
a couple walk hand in hand down a street.	the couple is married.	neutral
a couple walk hand in hand down a street.	a couple is sitting on a bench.	contradiction
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera.	three people sit by a busy street bareheaded.	contradiction
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera.	three hood wearing people pose for a picture.	entailment
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera.	three hood wearing people stand in a street.	entailment
a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.	the man is inside.	entailment
a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.	the man is reading the sportspage.	neutral
a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.	the man is climbing a mountain.	contradiction
three firefighter come out of subway station.	three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station.	neutral
three firefighter come out of subway station.	three firefighters coming up from a subway station.	entailment
three firefighter come out of subway station.	three firefighters playing cards inside a fire station.	contradiction
a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.	a person is near a pile of coconuts.	entailment
a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.	a person is selling coconuts.	neutral
a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.	a person is burning a straw hat.	contradiction
male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.	the guy in yellow is rolling on the grass	contradiction
male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.	the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass	entailment
male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.	the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap.	neutral
during calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse.	a first time roper falls off his horse.	neutral
during calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse.	a man ropes a calf successfully.	contradiction
a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.	a boy is on a playground.	entailment
a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.	the boy is playing on the swings after school.	neutral
a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.	the boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home.	contradiction
a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth.	an archeologist wearing a hat squats to examine the site for a dig	neutral
a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth.	a squatting woman wearing a hat touching the ground.	entailment
a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth.	a woman wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden.	contradiction
two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.	two children are building a brick furnace.	neutral
two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.	two children are playing catch at a park.	contradiction
two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.	two children are on a rug.	entailment
a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.	a guy near a building stands by two other men	entailment
a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.	two girls walk through a hall	contradiction
a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.	a busy man stands with bodyguards	neutral
the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors.	girls are playing outdoors.	entailment
the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors.	two girls play dress up indoors.	contradiction
the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors.	the two girls play in the autumn.	neutral
people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.	some people look visually afraid to jump.	neutral
people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.	people are jumping outside.	entailment
people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.	people slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide.	contradiction
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow field with a snowboarder on it	entailment
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder gliding over a field of snow	neutral
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowmobile in a blizzard	neutral
an older women tending to a garden.	the lady is cooking dinner	contradiction
an older women tending to a garden.	the lady is weeding her garden	neutral
an older women tending to a garden.	the lady has a garden	entailment
a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance.	a man destroys a bike.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance.	a man watches bike repairs.	entailment
a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance.	a man learns bike maintenance.	neutral
a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop.	a man is wearing a red shirt	contradiction
a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop.	a man is in a black shirt	entailment
a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop.	a man is deciding which bike to buy	neutral
a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background.	a person is in a garage.	entailment
a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background.	a man repairs bicycles.	entailment
a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background.	a man waits outside a garage.	contradiction
three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.	some people stand around.	contradiction
three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.	people run together.	contradiction
three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.	people wait at a station.	entailment
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.	a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child	entailment
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.	a child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child	contradiction
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.	a child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child	neutral
a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.	a lady sitting on a bench in the park.	contradiction
a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.	an old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street.	neutral
a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.	a person outside pushing a stroller.	entailment
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow.	a pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner.	neutral
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow.	a cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw.	contradiction
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow.	an animal is outside in the cold weather, playing with a plastic toy.	entailment
people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.	people at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn.	neutral
people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.	people are talking underneath a covering.	entailment
people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.	people are screaming at a boxing match.	contradiction
a girl playing a violin along with a group of people	a girl is washing a load of laundry.	contradiction
a girl playing a violin along with a group of people	a girl is playing an instrument.	entailment
a girl playing a violin along with a group of people	a group of people are playing in a symphony.	neutral
a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.	a woman is playing a concert.	neutral
a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.	a woman is playing the violin.	entailment
a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.	a man is looking in a telescope.	contradiction
three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera.	three men going to work	neutral
three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera.	three men look at the camera	entailment
three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera.	three men sleeping in a tent	contradiction
a ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car.	a car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it.	entailment
a ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car.	a sedan was turning a corner as walkers were crossing.	neutral
three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car.	there are three boys	entailment
three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car.	there are three girls	contradiction
three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car.	the boys are on the street	entailment
three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps.	some people are blowing out candles	entailment
three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps.	there are three girls and a cake	entailment
three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps.	there are peeps in the garden.	contradiction
a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.	the crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof.	neutral
a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.	the crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof's edge.	entailment
a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.	three people are climbing down the ladder on the building.	contradiction
a woman working long hours.	a woman is working in a factory.	neutral
a woman working long hours.	a woman is working.	entailment
a woman working long hours.	a woman is sleeping.	contradiction
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers.	girls talking next to the toilet.	contradiction
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers.	people talking next to lockers.	entailment
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers.	girls talking about their problems next to lockers.	neutral
an old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground.	an elderly female is stalking a male.	neutral
an old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground.	two people are sleeping on the train.	contradiction
two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another.	two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck.	neutral
two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another.	two kids are hugging.	entailment
two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another.	two kids are running down a highway.	contradiction
2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.	a couple of child relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other.	neutral
2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.	two kids were hugging.	entailment
2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.	two youths were pushing each other.	contradiction
a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.	a large number of people wearing black walking down the street.	contradiction
a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.	a large number of men walking down the street in red and white.	neutral
a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.	a large number of people walking on a street.	entailment
a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	the man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it.	neutral
a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	a man is riding a motorcycle.	entailment
a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	a man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend.	contradiction
women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.	indian women perform together in gorgeous costumes	entailment
women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.	dogs sniff the air	contradiction
women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.	indian women are performing a religious ritual together	neutral
a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land.	a person is swimming.	entailment
a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land.	the swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow.	contradiction
a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land.	the swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a fast current.	neutral
the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.	a man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard.	neutral
the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.	a person is walking out of water.	entailment
the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.	a man is laying on the beach.	contradiction
five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.	the extended family hike together on their family reunion.	neutral
five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.	the three men sit and talk about their lives.	contradiction
five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.	there are people outside.	entailment
a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.	a woman paints a portrait of her best friend.	neutral
a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.	a woman paints a portrait of a person.	neutral
a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.	a woman paints a portrait of a monkey.	contradiction
a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face.	there is a woman painting.	entailment
a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face.	there is a woman painting for fun.	neutral
a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face.	there is a man tying his shoes.	contradiction
a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.	a couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something.	contradiction
a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.	the man is pointing at a purse snatcher.	neutral
a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.	people are eating at a table outside.	entailment
two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.	the women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike	neutral
two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.	the women were picking berries in the countryside	contradiction
two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.	the women were walking downtown	entailment
many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "hi-pointe."	the people are having a chat before going into the work building.	neutral
many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "hi-pointe."	the group of people aren't inide of the building.	entailment
many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "hi-pointe."	the people are sitting in the hotel lobby.	contradiction
the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.	a flight attendant is standing in front of passengers.	neutral
the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.	a flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff.	neutral
the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.	a woman is preparing drinks on an airplane.	contradiction
the girls walk down the street.	girls walk down the street.	entailment
the girls walk down the street.	girls set down in the street.	contradiction
the girls walk down the street.	girls were going to the park.	neutral
a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike.	a man sitting in a car.	contradiction
a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike.	a person standing.	entailment
a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike.	a man standing on his motorbike.	entailment
a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.	the man puts something on the other mans head.	entailment
a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.	the women are at the park.	contradiction
a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.	the men are at church.	neutral
a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.	two people are outside.	entailment
a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.	a person stares at an empty hill.	contradiction
a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.	a child in a wagon rolls down a hill.	neutral
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.	a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation as construction occurs	neutral
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.	a girl is leaning against the wall	contradiction
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation	entailment
bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.	bruce springsteen is from florida.	neutral
bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.	bruce springsteen is a singer.	entailment
bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.	bruce springsteen is gay	neutral
six dogs swimming in a river.	six dogs swim across the river.	neutral
six dogs swimming in a river.	six dogs are outdoors.	entailment
six dogs swimming in a river.	the puppies are setting on the couch.	contradiction
a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.	a man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested.	contradiction
a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.	a man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them.	neutral
a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.	a man and woman take selfies of themselves.	entailment
a group of people dancing together.	people are dancing.	entailment
a group of people dancing together.	they are doing the tango.	neutral
a group of people dancing together.	no one is dancing.	contradiction
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.	men sit on the bus.	entailment
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.	men sit on the bus going to work,	neutral
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.	men drive the bus into the ocean.	contradiction
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	two people climbing on a wooden scaffold.	entailment
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	two women climbing on a wooden scaffold.	contradiction
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	two sad men climbing on a wooden scaffold.	neutral
a bird is flapping its wings on the water.	the bird is flying over the trees.	contradiction
a bird is flapping its wings on the water.	the duck is swimming in the lake.	neutral
a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.	a young boy is playing in a feild.	entailment
a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.	a young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house.	neutral
a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.	a young boy is playing video games indoors.	contradiction
six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.	they are going fishing.	neutral
six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.	six or seven people are standing on a pier.	entailment
six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.	they are in a boat.	contradiction
a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.	a person wears a red shirt.	entailment
a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.	the person is a woman.	neutral
a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.	the person is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
this child is on the library steps.	the child is on the school steps.	contradiction
this child is on the library steps.	the child is on the steps.	entailment
this child is on the library steps.	the child is on the steps inside the library.	neutral
the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.	the man is playing football..	contradiction
the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.	the person is playing basketball.	entailment
the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.	the player has a tattoo that says mother.	neutral
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.	a boy in a red hood is happy.	entailment
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.	the boy doesn't want to see his reflection.	neutral
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.	the boy is upset.	contradiction
a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.	the man is wearing a gray cap.	entailment
a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.	the man is wearing a blue cap.	contradiction
a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.	the man is cold.	neutral
an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow.	an old woman has a light jean jacket.	neutral
an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow.	an old woman has a jean jacket.	entailment
an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow.	an old woman has no jacket.	contradiction
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.	the couple is having fun.	entailment
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.	the couple just got married.	entailment
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.	the couple is divorced.	contradiction
a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city.	the man is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs.	contradiction
a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city.	the man is moving.	entailment
a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city.	the man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job.	entailment
several younger people sitting in front of a statue.	several young people sitting outside	neutral
several younger people sitting in front of a statue.	several young people are sitting in an auditorium	contradiction
several younger people sitting in front of a statue.	several young people sitting in a school courtyard	neutral
a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.	the childs mom is watching her son with her friends.	neutral
a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.	people are in the house.	entailment
a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.	the child is sleeping.	contradiction
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage.	a woman is singing.	entailment
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage.	a woman is reciting poetry on the stage.	contradiction
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage.	a blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage.	neutral
the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow.	a woman is eating pasta in a restaurant.	contradiction
the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow.	the lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog.	neutral
the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow.	the girl is walking outside.	entailment
a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains.	a family on vacation is posing.	entailment
a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains.	people are outdoors.	entailment
a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains.	a family is in their car.	contradiction
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction	the people are standing.	entailment
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction	people are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction.	neutral
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction	people are waiting in line at the restaurant.	contradiction
four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.	two couples eat food on a kitchen floor.	neutral
four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.	two couples play pool in a bar.	contradiction
four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.	a group of people eat food.	entailment
a dog standing near snow looking at water.	a cat is laying on the couch.	contradiction
a dog standing near snow looking at water.	animal is outdoors.	entailment
a dog standing near snow looking at water.	the dog is thinking about going to for a swim.	neutral
an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building.	an older man is leaning outside his nursing home	neutral
an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building.	a young man is jogging	contradiction
an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building.	an older man leans outside a building	entailment
a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance.	a person is sitting at a baseball game.	contradiction
a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance.	someone is standing near a metro station.	entailment
a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance.	a person is waiting for a train.	neutral
a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.	the girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival.	neutral
a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.	the girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding.	neutral
a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.	the girl is eating while barefoot.	entailment
a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.	the man is asian	contradiction
a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.	the man is playing	entailment
a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.	a man is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe.	contradiction
a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.	a crowd is watching someone play basketball.	entailment
a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.	a famous nba player is playing street ball in front of a crowd.	neutral
a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons.	a group of people are standing outside.	entailment
a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons.	an angry military veteran watches as people protest the war.	neutral
a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons.	a man is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating contest.	contradiction
a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag.	a woman on a bike.	entailment
a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag.	a woman riding a bike to work.	neutral
a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag.	a woman driving a car.	contradiction
a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail.	a young person on a skateboard.	entailment
a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail.	a man painting a tree.	contradiction
a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail.	a young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends.	neutral
a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.	he is wearing a button-up shirt.	neutral
a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.	his bald head is exposed.	contradiction
a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.	a man is crouching on a handrail.	entailment
girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.	a girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time.	neutral
girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.	girl in a black coat stays indoors away from the snow.	contradiction
girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.	a girl outside plays in the snow.	entailment
a group of people gathered at night watching an event.	the group of friends are asleep.	contradiction
a group of people gathered at night watching an event.	a group of humans are looking at the same direction.	neutral
a group of people gathered at night watching an event.	a group of friends are watching the music concert at night.	neutral
the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.	the football player is under duress.	entailment
the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.	the american football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white.	entailment
the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.	the basketball player shoots a three pointer.	contradiction
a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.	a person is enjoying a sporting event.	neutral
a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.	a person is dancing and singing.	contradiction
a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.	a person is standing outdoors.	entailment
a girl holding a beverage points at a painting.	the girl is in the bathtub	contradiction
a girl holding a beverage points at a painting.	the girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage.	neutral
a girl holding a beverage points at a painting.	the girl has a beverage.	entailment
a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up the old meat he took out of a bag.	neutral
a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	a woman in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	a man in a shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.	entailment
a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.	a person in red is swimming in the olympics.	contradiction
a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.	a person in red is moving grass on a john deer motor.	neutral
a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.	a person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower	entailment
group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.	a group of people go down the road in a convertible.	entailment
group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.	the driver was wearing a purple shirt.	contradiction
group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.	froends ride in an open top vehicle together.	neutral
two men prepare a fish at a dock.	two men have just come in from fishing all day	neutral
two men prepare a fish at a dock.	two men are cleaning their fish	entailment
two men prepare a fish at a dock.	two men are sitting in a canoe with their fishing poles	contradiction
a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror.	the woman is a model.	neutral
a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror.	the woman has something on her face.	entailment
a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror.	the woman is blind.	contradiction
a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter.	the man is wearing a tank top.	contradiction
a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter.	the man is from alaska.	neutral
a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter.	the person behind the counter is a man.	entailment
a large group of people walking in a busy city at night.	people are eating lunch in a restaurant.	contradiction
a large group of people walking in a busy city at night.	people are walking a city.	entailment
a large group of people walking in a busy city at night.	people are outside in a park.	contradiction
a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.	a woman is sitting in a room with other people.	entailment
a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.	a woman is on her phone sitting in a room.	neutral
a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.	a man is fixing his car.	contradiction
a softball player throws the ball to her teammate.	teammates are competing in a softballs championship.	neutral
a softball player throws the ball to her teammate.	two people are playing softball.	entailment
a softball player throws the ball to her teammate.	two softball players are sitting on a bench.	contradiction
a biker races.	a person is riding a bike	entailment
a biker races.	the biker loses the race	neutral
a biker races.	the car is yellow	contradiction
two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.	there are two little boys smiling.	entailment
two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.	the little boys are crying.	contradiction
two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.	the boys are siblings playing with each other.	neutral
island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.	the men caught many fish.	neutral
island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.	the men did not go to work today but instead played bridge.	contradiction
island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.	the men are finishing their day of work.	entailment
these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.	the plants are ferns	neutral
these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.	the adults are young	entailment
these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.	the adults are old	contradiction
two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.	two teams from rival colleges are in the fourth quarter of a game.	neutral
two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.	some girls playing basketball.	contradiction
two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.	a college football game.	entailment
two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.	a lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback before he makes the game winning touchdown.	neutral
two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.	a pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park.	contradiction
two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.	a game of football is being played.	entailment
a man playing billiards at a bar.	a man is playing with friends.	neutral
a man playing billiards at a bar.	a man is playing billiards.	entailment
a man playing billiards at a bar.	a man is playing checkers.	contradiction
a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.	the dogs are friends.	neutral
a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.	the dogs are refusing to share.	contradiction
a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.	the golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside.	entailment
people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.	the people are going up on the escalator.	neutral
people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.	people are taking the elevator.	contradiction
people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.	people are riding on the escalator.	entailment
a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.	a woman is at work.	neutral
a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.	a woman is doing something with her hands.	entailment
a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.	a woman is sitting with empty hands.	contradiction
a boy is riding down the road between two cows.	a boy rides a horse by two cows.	neutral
a boy is riding down the road between two cows.	a boy, a road and two cows.	entailment
a boy is riding down the road between two cows.	a single cow is alone.	contradiction
a birthday party for many little people to enjoy.	children enjoying a birthday party.	neutral
a birthday party for many little people to enjoy.	children are running down the street.	contradiction
a birthday party for many little people to enjoy.	children at a birthday party.	neutral
there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.	there are more females than males.	entailment
there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.	the performers are playing bagpipes.	contradiction
there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.	the people performing are part of a chorus.	neutral
two men are standing in a boat.	some men are standing on top of a car.	contradiction
two men are standing in a boat.	a few men are fishing on a boat.	neutral
two men are standing in a boat.	some people are in a boat.	entailment
young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit.	a person drying clothes	entailment
young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit.	nobody is drying clothes.	contradiction
the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.	the child is riding a swing in the rain.	contradiction
the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.	a child rides a swing in the daytime.	entailment
the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.	the child on the swing is a girl.	neutral
everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.	people are milling about the city street.	entailment
everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.	the people are watching what is happening.	contradiction
everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.	people are conducting business in the city.	entailment
a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.	the man is cooking food.	entailment
a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.	the man is in the kitchen of a restaurant.	neutral
a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.	the man is washing his car.	contradiction
a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	a woman plays tennis.	entailment
a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	serina williams plays tennis.	neutral
a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.	pete sampras plays tennis.	contradiction
several women are playing volleyball.	they women are hitting a ball with their arms	entailment
several women are playing volleyball.	this doesn't look like soccer	entailment
several women are playing volleyball.	a bunch of women are playing volleyball	entailment
two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.	volleyball match is in progress between ladies	entailment
two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.	12 ladies play volleyball	neutral
two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.	ten boys play cricket	contradiction
a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.	a mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street.	neutral
a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.	a group of people are changing a bike tire.	contradiction
a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.	a group of people ride bikes together down a street.	entailment
people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.	a group of friends are biking through a street, all wearing their helmets	neutral
people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.	a group of friends are grabbing their bikes, getting ready for the morning bike ride	contradiction
people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.	a group of bicyclists are on a street outside	entailment
a middle eastern marketplace.	a middle easten store.	entailment
a middle eastern marketplace.	an american theater.	contradiction
a middle eastern marketplace.	a foreign store.	entailment
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.	a woman sees a bicycle.	entailment
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.	a woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle.	neutral
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.	a woman in green sleeps on a couch.	contradiction
four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle.	the men are musicians	entailment
four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle.	the men are asleep in the motel	contradiction
four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle.	four men play drums	entailment
young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background.	young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field.	contradiction
young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background.	young boys waiting for their soccer game.	neutral
young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background.	young boys kicking around a soccer ball.	entailment
a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.	the man is testing the bike.	neutral
a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.	the man is driving a truck.	contradiction
a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.	the man is riding a bike.	entailment
a guy and a girl look down a mountain range.	the people look at the mountains.	entailment
a guy and a girl look down a mountain range.	the couple is going to climb the mountains.	neutral
a guy and a girl look down a mountain range.	the people look into the sky.	contradiction
a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.	the man is pacing nervously.	contradiction
a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.	the man can hear the construction going on.	neutral
a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.	a man can is on the phone.	entailment
a boy hits a tennis ball on a court.	a girl is hitting the ball.	contradiction
a boy hits a tennis ball on a court.	the boy is good at tennis.	neutral
a boy hits a tennis ball on a court.	a boy is hitting a ball.	entailment
a golden retriever nurses puppies.	a golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies	neutral
a golden retriever nurses puppies.	puppies next to their mother	entailment
a golden retriever nurses puppies.	a cat nurses puppies	contradiction
a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread.	the young man is at his grandmothers house.	neutral
a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread.	the railing is in front of a frozen lake.	neutral
a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread.	the man spreads his arms while standing in front of a railing.	entailment
a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.	a man was wearing a jacket in winter.	neutral
a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.	someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb.	contradiction
a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.	a man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb.	entailment
a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread.	the man pleads for mercy.	neutral
a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread.	the man is upright.	entailment
a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread.	the man sits crosslegged on the floor.	contradiction
a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.	the man wearing the vest is walking down the street.	neutral
a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.	a man is wearing a vest.	entailment
a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.	the man wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa.	contradiction
these girls are having a great time looking for seashells.	the girls are happy.	entailment
these girls are having a great time looking for seashells.	the girls are taking a nap.	contradiction
these girls are having a great time looking for seashells.	the girls are outside.	entailment
a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him.	a man is playing an instrument on the street near other people.	entailment
a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him.	a man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street.	neutral
a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him.	a woman is flying crosscountry.	contradiction
a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle.	two people are talking.	entailment
a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle.	three people are having a meeting.	contradiction
a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle.	two people are discussing their relationship.	neutral
a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.	a small boy runs through the corn field	contradiction
a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.	a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa	neutral
a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.	a small boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled	entailment
four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.	people and a baby riding the bus.	contradiction
four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.	people and a baby crossing the street.	entailment
four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.	people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home.	neutral
two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.	two people are standing on the grass.	entailment
two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.	two women in dresses are getting ready for the picnic.	neutral
two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.	the women are having a conversation at the office,	contradiction
a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.	the woman is a professional photographer	neutral
a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.	the flower is blue	contradiction
a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.	a woman is taking pictures	entailment
a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces.	four kids pose on a beach.	entailment
a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces.	four kids pose during summer vacation.	neutral
a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces.	a man stirs the stew.	contradiction
several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.	some men are watching tv at a bar.	entailment
several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.	there are men drinking beer at a sports bar.	neutral
several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.	the men are at a baseball game.	contradiction
two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	two men are wearing lime green jackets.	entailment
two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building.	neutral
two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	a woman chastises another.	contradiction
a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.	an artist relaxes in her studio.	neutral
a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.	there is a person in a room.	entailment
a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.	a woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window.	contradiction
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.	the children are martial arts students.	neutral
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.	the kids crawl in sand.	contradiction
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.	children in uniforms climb a tower.	entailment
some dogs are running on a deserted beach.	they are in hawaii.	neutral
some dogs are running on a deserted beach.	there is only one dog at the beach.	contradiction
some dogs are running on a deserted beach.	there are multiple dogs present.	entailment
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.	there alot of motorcyclists on this road.	neutral
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.	there are many pedestrians on the city street.	entailment
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.	the pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street.	neutral
a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.	a woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat.	neutral
a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.	a woman is ironing red pants.	contradiction
a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.	a woman is weaving.	entailment
a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.	a group of people are inside watching a hockey game.	contradiction
a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.	a bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water.	neutral
a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.	a group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes.	neutral
a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.	a woman is protesting in the street.	neutral
a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.	a woman is on the ground outside.	entailment
a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.	a woman is riding a bicycle.	contradiction
a man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	a man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony.	neutral
a man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	a man with a baby is petting a pony.	entailment
a man holding a baby who is petting a pony.	a man and his daughter are petting a pony.	neutral
men sitting on the side of a brick road.	me are sitting on the side of a road	entailment
men sitting on the side of a brick road.	the side of the road is empty.	contradiction
men sitting on the side of a brick road.	men are talking on the side of the road	neutral
a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.	a dog is going to get wet.	entailment
a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.	a black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water.	neutral
a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.	a dog is avoiding the water.	contradiction
a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.	a girl is standing.	entailment
a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.	a girl is standing outside.	neutral
a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.	everyone is sitting.	contradiction
many children play in the water.	the children are at camp.	neutral
many children play in the water.	some kids splash in the water and interact with each other.	neutral
many children play in the water.	the children are playing mini golf.	contradiction
a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.	the kids are singing in a choir	contradiction
a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.	the kids are in deep water	entailment
a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.	they are wearing lifejackets	neutral
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.	a woman climber attempts to pull herself up	contradiction
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.	a climber pulls himself up some rocks	entailment
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.	a climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest	neutral
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.	a man is outdoors.	entailment
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.	a man has on climbing gear.	neutral
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.	a man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
two formally dressed, bald older women	two bald women.	entailment
two formally dressed, bald older women	two bald women with glasses.	neutral
two formally dressed, bald older women	two long-haired young women.	contradiction
a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart.	a man has a shopping cart	entailment
a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart.	a man is collecting cans to recycle	neutral
a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart.	a rich man holding a rolex	contradiction
an old shoemaker in his factory	the shoemaker is inside.	entailment
an old shoemaker in his factory	the shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday.	contradiction
an old shoemaker in his factory	the shoemaker is wealthy.	neutral
a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper.	a woman speaks to other women.	entailment
a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper.	a blond speaks with a group of young dark-haired woman students carrying pieces of paper.	entailment
a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper.	a man hits on a woman.	contradiction
the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.	someone giving out paper.	entailment
the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.	the woman is giving homework to the children.	neutral
the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.	woman is keeping the paper to herself.	contradiction
girl in red jumping up	the girl is jumping to catch the frisbee.	neutral
girl in red jumping up	the girl is sitting on the grass.	contradiction
girl in red jumping up	the girl in red is in the air.	entailment
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running.	there are ladies running.	entailment
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running.	the ladies are riding bikes.	contradiction
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running.	the ladies are in a marathon.	neutral
a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water.	a boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen.	contradiction
a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water.	a boy is walking outside.	entailment
a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water.	a boy is in danger of falling into water.	neutral
a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.	nobody is balancing.	contradiction
a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.	a clever person balancing.	neutral
a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.	a person balancing.	entailment
a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.	a guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard.	entailment
a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.	a girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park.	contradiction
a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.	a guy is going skateboarding today.	neutral
young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	a young boy is playing soccer.	contradiction
young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	a young boy is sleeping at a sleep over.	neutral
young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.	a young boy is sleeping on a pillow.	entailment
a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.	he is wearing the newspaper on his head.	contradiction
a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.	he is reading the newspaper.	neutral
a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.	he is jewish.	neutral
a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign.	a human jumping.	entailment
a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign.	nobody is jumping.	contradiction
a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign.	a tall human jumping.	neutral
four children are playing in some water.	the children are muddy.	neutral
four children are playing in some water.	the children are wet.	entailment
four children are playing in some water.	the children are doing chores.	contradiction
four young girls playing in the water.	four girls are in the water.	entailment
four young girls playing in the water.	there are boys and girl in the water.	contradiction
four young girls playing in the water.	four girls are swimming.	neutral
the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.	the man is walking away.	contradiction
the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.	the man is in a black shirt.	entailment
the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.	the man is throwing something to his son.	neutral
one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera.	someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie.	neutral
one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera.	a young boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded.	contradiction
one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera.	an adult using a video camera.	entailment
boys with their backs against an incoming wave.	a group of people play in the ocean.	neutral
boys with their backs against an incoming wave.	a group of people stand together.	entailment
boys with their backs against an incoming wave.	a group of people sit on the beach.	neutral
four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.	a wave is about hit some boys.	entailment
four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.	the wave missed the boys.	contradiction
four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.	a giant wave is about to crash on some boys.	entailment
a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.	a mother is helping her child complete the experiment.	neutral
a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.	a woman is helping a girl.	entailment
a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work.	a lady is sleeping on a couch	contradiction
a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work.	a lady is helping another woman work	entailment
a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work.	two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor	neutral
one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.	two men are fighting outside a bar.	neutral
one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.	a woman puts on makeup	contradiction
one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.	one guy kicks another.	entailment
many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "the early november" on the wall.	parents gathers for a local high school concert	neutral
many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "the early november" on the wall.	mob gathers as flutes fight to the death	contradiction
many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "the early november" on the wall.	people leave as the concert is decides to charge per note	contradiction
a hockey player in helmet.	players are wearing helmet.	neutral
a hockey player in helmet.	the players are taking rest.	contradiction
a hockey player in helmet.	they are playing hockey	neutral
man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.	a man is wearing something.	entailment
man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.	a man is wearing nothing.	contradiction
man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.	a man is wearing a blue shirt.	neutral
biker riding through the forest.	mountain biker competes in off-road race.	neutral
biker riding through the forest.	man riding motorcycle on highway.	contradiction
biker riding through the forest.	mountain biker enjoying the local trails.	neutral
a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.	two men are recording a cooking tutorial.	neutral
a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.	a man is in front of a camera.	entailment
a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.	two men are at the pool.	contradiction
couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	the couple are eating steak	neutral
couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	some animals are asleep	entailment
couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.	there is a couple walking their dogs	contradiction
a white duck expanding its wings in the water.	the duck is a rare breed, most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago.	contradiction
a white duck expanding its wings in the water.	there is one animal in this picture.	entailment
a white duck expanding its wings in the water.	the duck sleeps soundly, floating on top of the water	contradiction
a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.	an elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair.	contradiction
a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.	a person is outside.	entailment
a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.	a woman is walking towards a bus stop.	neutral
a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.	a group of people wait	neutral
a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.	a person lies on the couch	contradiction
a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.	a group of people stand	neutral
a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign.	the sign the woman is holding states that "freedom is free."	neutral
a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign.	a group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign.	entailment
a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign.	a group of people dressed as clowns stroll into the bigtop circus holding signs.	contradiction
the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball.	the boy gets ready	entailment
the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball.	the boy is ten years old	neutral
the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball.	the boy is sleeping at home	contradiction
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	the man and woman are sitting.	entailment
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	the man and woman are standing.	contradiction
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.	the man and woman are married.	neutral
a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building.	the woman has an important meeting today in the building.	neutral
a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building.	a dog is running up the steps of a building.	contradiction
a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building.	there are several people outside of a building.	entailment
a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.	a father looks at his wife and son.	contradiction
a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.	a person is talking to a child while another person watches.	entailment
a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.	a woman watches a mother speak to her young son.	neutral
man and woman eating a hotdog.	a man and his family are eating pizza.	contradiction
man and woman eating a hotdog.	a man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game.	neutral
man and woman eating a hotdog.	a man and woman are sharing a hotdog.	entailment
an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background.	the employee is wearing a blue shirt.	neutral
an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background.	the employee is indoors.	entailment
an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background.	the employee is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.	a man is hammering the final shingle on a roof.	neutral
a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.	a workman is helping put a roof on a house.	entailment
a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.	a boy is jumping up and down.	contradiction
a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.	there are people in an inflatable boat.	entailment
a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.	the man has fallen out of the boat.	contradiction
a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.	seven men and women are in a yellow boat.	neutral
two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.	the boys had unclean hands.	entailment
two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.	they were playing soccer.	neutral
two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.	the boys are bare-chested.	contradiction
two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.	the boys just won their soccer game	neutral
two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.	two boys washing their hands	entailment
two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.	the boys are in band uniforms	contradiction
a naked man rides a bike.	a person biking.	entailment
a naked man rides a bike.	a man in a suit walking on a sidewalk.	contradiction
a naked man rides a bike.	a naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street.	neutral
two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.	two men sit outdoors in an urban area.	entailment
two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.	these two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them.	contradiction
two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.	two research scientists conduct research in disguise.	neutral
two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an "out of luck" sign.	the dog is a chihuahua	neutral
two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an "out of luck" sign.	people with a dog	entailment
two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.	two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog.	entailment
two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.	two men own homes.	contradiction
two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.	two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog.	neutral
a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam	a woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam.	neutral
a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam	a woman is napping in the gym.	contradiction
a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam	a woman is using gymnastics equipment.	entailment
six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people act together to get another, injured man on a transport in snowy terrain	entailment
six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people act to save a seventh who is injured	entailment
six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.	six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured	contradiction
three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.	the three women are best friends.	neutral
three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.	the three women are looking into the forest.	contradiction
three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.	the women are outdoors.	entailment
a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat	a man getting ready to play golf.	neutral
a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat	a man wearing football pads.	contradiction
a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat	a man in a hat.	entailment
a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter.	the woman is standing.	entailment
a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter.	the woman has her hair pulled back in a bun.	neutral
a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter.	the woman is seated on a beach towel.	contradiction
the boys are playing with legos.	boys are playing.	entailment
the boys are playing with legos.	boys are playing outside.	neutral
the boys are playing with legos.	boys are playing chess.	contradiction
a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.	a father is buying his daughter ice cream.	neutral
a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.	a couple is eating in a restaurant.	contradiction
a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.	people are buying food from a street vendor.	entailment
three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.	some sailors get in a sailboat.	neutral
three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.	some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat.	entailment
three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.	a person drives away in a winnebago.	contradiction
man holding torch of fire.	the man is holding a bag.	contradiction
man holding torch of fire.	there is a man.	entailment
man holding torch of fire.	the fire is large.	neutral
villagers pulling in the fish boat.	the villagers are preparing to go fishing.	neutral
villagers pulling in the fish boat.	the villagers are sitting around the camp fire.	contradiction
villagers pulling in the fish boat.	there are people pulling a boat.	entailment
a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.	the crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits.	neutral
a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.	the crowd of people are inside a mall.	contradiction
a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.	the crowd of people are shopping.	entailment
a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.	a child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab.	neutral
a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.	a child is inside a car.	entailment
a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.	a child is at home, resting.	contradiction
five children playing soccer chase after a ball.	they are playing football.	contradiction
five children playing soccer chase after a ball.	five children are playing.	entailment
five children playing soccer chase after a ball.	there are ten total children playing.	contradiction
a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.	a woman stands with her child	neutral
a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.	a dog barks loud	contradiction
a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.	a woman stands with a child	entailment
a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.	a boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand.	neutral
a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.	a boy swims.	entailment
a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.	a boy swims nude while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich.	contradiction
here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.	some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying.	neutral
here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.	some people are holding beers in the picture.	neutral
here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.	people were celebrating at a christmas themed party.	neutral
a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives.	the street is alive with activity.	entailment
a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives.	the street is quiet and calm.	contradiction
a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives.	the morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people.	neutral
a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play.	the player is pretty	neutral
a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play.	the player is flying planes	contradiction
a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play.	a player is waiting	entailment
two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.	the people are outdoors.	entailment
two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.	the people are both males.	neutral
two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.	there is one person outdoors.	contradiction
a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	the people are unique.	neutral
a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	the people are creative.	neutral
a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.	the people are bickering about politics.	contradiction
a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.	the woman in black is being fired via text message.	neutral
a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.	the woman in black has a job.	entailment
a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.	the woman in black is not walking to work.	contradiction
a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.	a pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium	entailment
a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.	a pitcher is playing baseball	entailment
a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.	a man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset	contradiction
a family walking with a soldier.	a few people walk with a man in uniform.	neutral
a family walking with a soldier.	the barber cuts a man's hair.	contradiction
a family walking with a soldier.	a group of people strolling.	entailment
violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.	people are playing violin on stage.	entailment
violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.	people are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof.	contradiction
a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.	a mother and daughter are walking home.	neutral
a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.	a mother and daughter are eating spaghetti in a kitchen.	contradiction
a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.	a mother and daughter are walking.	entailment
boy in midair on bicycle	the boy is falling off of his bicycle.	neutral
boy in midair on bicycle	the boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust.	contradiction
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is airborne on a bicycle.	entailment
three dogs running through a field.	three dogs are running	entailment
three dogs running through a field.	the dogs are eating	contradiction
three dogs running through a field.	three dogs are running in the daytime	neutral
three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.	three people are on a boat.	entailment
three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.	three lifeguards are haning from the boar, trying to save the dog from drowning.	neutral
three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.	4 fisherman are hanging over the boat, trying to pet the shark	contradiction
a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.	two people go to work in a blizzard	neutral
a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.	a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow	entailment
a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.	two men play with a snowman	contradiction
a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.	the man is watching the stars	neutral
a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.	the man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.	a man is looking through a telescope	entailment
a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street.	there are children in the streets.	contradiction
a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street.	there are people on the street.	entailment
a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street.	the streets are empty.	contradiction
a man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd.	a painter is creating a picture.	entailment
a man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd.	a man is recreating the mona lisa outside in front of a crowd.	neutral
a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.	a man does a flip off a wall.	entailment
a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.	a young man does a flip off a wall and wares baggie clothes.	neutral
a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.	a young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely.	contradiction
two dogs run together near the leaves.	two dogs are running.	entailment
two dogs run together near the leaves.	the two dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves.	contradiction
two dogs run together near the leaves.	the two dogs are running to play in the leaves.	neutral
a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton.	a man is doing things with a baton.	entailment
a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton.	a man throws a banana in the air.	contradiction
a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton.	a man is trying his best at the national championship of baton.	neutral
a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.	people wearing orange.	entailment
a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.	a group of drag queens walking down the street.	contradiction
a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.	fans cheering on their team at the big game.	entailment
female gymnasts warm up before a competition.	gymnasts get ready for a competition.	entailment
female gymnasts warm up before a competition.	football players practice.	contradiction
female gymnasts warm up before a competition.	gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life.	neutral
dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen.	a man is going to surprise his wife with dinner.	neutral
dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen.	a man is cooking something to eat.	entailment
dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen.	a man is sitting watching tv.	contradiction
a worker peers out from atop a building under construction.	a person is atop of a building.	entailment
a worker peers out from atop a building under construction.	the unemployed person is near a building.	contradiction
a worker peers out from atop a building under construction.	a man is atop of a building.	neutral
a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.	a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box	entailment
a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.	a child fights a bag, the bag is winning	contradiction
a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.	a child opens a present on his birthday	neutral
a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.	a young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground.	neutral
a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.	a child is playing in the sand.	entailment
a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.	a child does a cannonball into a pool.	contradiction
two boys reading superhero books	two boys reading a book about spiderman.	neutral
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a superhero show.	contradiction
two boys reading superhero books	two boys reading a piece of literature.	entailment
a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.	the man is driving a limosine.	contradiction
a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.	the man is driving a buggy.	entailment
a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.	the man is an amish man.	neutral
a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something.	a little male has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands.	entailment
a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something.	a blond little boy is cutting out little stars for his little sister.	neutral
a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something.	a blond little boy is sleeping.	contradiction
a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits.	the man is dressed in summer clothing.	contradiction
a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits.	the female awaiting the man leaping is his sister.	neutral
a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits.	the man in white and black is leaping.	entailment
elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black.	the woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house.	neutral
elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black.	elderly woman is balancing something on her head while having a conversation.	entailment
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene.	a tourist checking out seattle.	neutral
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene.	someone taking in the space needle view.	entailment
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene.	a man enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge.	contradiction
an old man looking over a sculpture.	the man is young	contradiction
an old man looking over a sculpture.	the man is at an art gallery	neutral
an old man looking over a sculpture.	the man is old	entailment
the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.	the soccer team in blue plays soccer.	entailment
the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.	the blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season.	neutral
the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.	a soccer team hangs out in the locker room.	contradiction
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.	two children are sleeping at daycare	contradiction
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.	two children are sitting shirtless indoors	neutral
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.	two young children are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers	neutral
workers standing on a lift.	workers walk off a lift	contradiction
workers standing on a lift.	workers walk home from work	contradiction
workers standing on a lift.	workers stand on a lift	entailment
two people talking on a dock.	fishermen at the dock	neutral
two people talking on a dock.	women shopping at the mall	contradiction
two people talking on a dock.	people outside	entailment
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.	the boy is on a science field trip.	neutral
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.	the young girl looks through the telescope.	contradiction
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.	the boy is looking through a microscope.	entailment
a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background.	a guy has hurled himself in the air.	entailment
a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background.	the man is running after a robber.	contradiction
a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background.	a person is performing a trick at the circus.	neutral
a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.	a golfer readies to putt the ball.	entailment
a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.	the golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd watching in the background.	entailment
a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.	the golfer retired from play today.	contradiction
a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.	a child is wrestling with bears	contradiction
a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.	a child does a jumping kick	entailment
a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.	a child in a black ninja suit does a kick	neutral
three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.	men are having a conversation outside.	neutral
three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.	three men are sitting at the kitchen table.	contradiction
three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.	men are sitting outside.	entailment
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.	there's a place to sit near a wall	entailment
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.	a person is sitting outside	neutral
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.	a person is laying at home	contradiction
a man cooking over high flames.	a man is raking the yard.	contradiction
a man cooking over high flames.	a man is cooking for his friends.	neutral
a man cooking over high flames.	a person is preparing some food.	entailment
a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!	a man is cooking with a lot of pots.	entailment
a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!	a man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots.	neutral
a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!	a man is cooking with a bunch of ovens.	contradiction
a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.	a man is with another man	entailment
a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.	a man takes a picture of a woman	contradiction
a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.	a man is with a cowboy	neutral
four women are taking a walk down an icy road.	the road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in ice.	neutral
four women are taking a walk down an icy road.	the women are walking on the ice.	entailment
four women are taking a walk down an icy road.	four women are walking near the dry highway.	contradiction
four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them.	people love the music	neutral
four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them.	the men are watching a sports channel	contradiction
four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them.	the men are playing music	entailment
a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.	a man is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day.	contradiction
a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.	a man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day.	entailment
a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.	a man is shooting a gun outside with his friends.	neutral
a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.	there is only one person present.	contradiction
a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.	they are college football players.	neutral
a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.	five men watch tv.	neutral
five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.	some guys are in a living room.	neutral
five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.	some people are at work.	contradiction
a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it.	the man is sitting in front of a school.	neutral
a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it.	the man is standing in front of a building.	contradiction
a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it.	the man is in front of a building.	entailment
people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.	a group of people are sitting at tables.	entailment
people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.	a group of people are sitting at the tables sharing a meal.	contradiction
people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.	a family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other's addresses.	neutral
an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.	a person makes dinner.	neutral
an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.	a man cleans the kitchen.	contradiction
an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.	a woman makes food.	entailment
four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	four women enjoying rollerskating.	neutral
four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	women rollerskating around an are	entailment
four women competitively rollerskating around an area.	four men are rollerskating.	contradiction
a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.	a man walking on water.	contradiction
a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.	workers cleaning up after st patrick's day.	neutral
a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.	a group of cleaners after a parade.	entailment
a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie.	the young girl is having fun.	neutral
a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie.	the young girl is playing with a race car.	contradiction
a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie.	the young girl is playing with a toy.	entailment
a car is loaded with items on the top.	the car has stuff on top.	entailment
a car is loaded with items on the top.	the car is going on a trip.	neutral
a car is loaded with items on the top.	the car is a convertible.	contradiction
a man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.	there are two guys above the water.	neutral
a man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.	two guys are on a lake.	neutral
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.	there are men dancing	contradiction
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.	the women are older	neutral
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.	there are several women	entailment
a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	a long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti.	neutral
a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	a boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall.	entailment
a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	a boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel.	contradiction
the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.	someone person was near a bunch of birds.	entailment
the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.	there was a dog inside.	contradiction
the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.	there were some birds near a woman.	entailment
dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.	a dog is being chased by a cat	contradiction
dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.	a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog	neutral
dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.	dog is running and being chased by another dog	entailment
two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure.	a woman and her kids climb up the stairs	neutral
two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure.	a woman and two children climb up the stairs	entailment
a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.	a man is lying down, sleeping.	contradiction
a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.	a man is sleeping on the floor.	entailment
a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.	a young man is sleeping while in the sitting position.	entailment
a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.	the woman is wearing a prom dress.	contradiction
a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.	the woman is a super model.	neutral
a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.	a woman in a bikini lays near the water.	entailment
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle.	the dog is a chihuahua.	neutral
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle.	the dog is in a pool.	contradiction
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle.	the dog is in the air.	entailment
a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.	a dog is taking something to its owner.	neutral
a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.	a dog is carrying something.	entailment
a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.	a dog is carrying an object down a grassy side.	contradiction
a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	a person is doing tricks in front of crowd.	entailment
a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him.	entailment
a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.	man who wears red jacket got an accident.	contradiction
two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.	two men are cutting wood to build a table.	neutral
two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.	two men are hammering.	contradiction
two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.	two men are using a saw.	entailment
two strong men work to saw a log.	two strong men are working	entailment
two strong men work to saw a log.	two strong men are having a beer	contradiction
two strong men work to saw a log.	two strong men work to saw the oak log	neutral
a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	the men are novices at martial arts.	neutral
a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	the men are blackbelts.	contradiction
a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.	a man is wearing a red belt.	entailment
two ladies at workout in mother nature.	the ladies are sitting on the floor.	contradiction
two ladies at workout in mother nature.	the ladies are kickboxing.	neutral
two ladies at workout in mother nature.	the two ladies are outside.	entailment
a kid playing a game called the derby.	the child is sleeping.	contradiction
a kid playing a game called the derby.	the child is playing.	entailment
a kid playing a game called the derby.	the child is playing a game for fun.	neutral
a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.	the man is riding a horse.	contradiction
a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.	the man is bike riding.	entailment
a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.	the man is riding a dirt bike.	neutral
a group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	people are hanging out together	neutral
a group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	people are taking a picture	neutral
a group of people in an alley looking at the camera.	people are on their computer	contradiction
a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.	a group of men, and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market.	neutral
a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.	people viewing produce at a market.	entailment
a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.	a group of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.	contradiction
a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.	group of people throwing bananas at a market.	contradiction
a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.	shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market.	entailment
a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.	group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market's advertisement.	neutral
an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.	an asian man is reading the paper.	contradiction
an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.	an asian man is pushing a cart up the street.	entailment
an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.	an asian man is selling food.	neutral
a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe.	a man has tools.	entailment
a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe.	a man is repairing a dam.	neutral
a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe.	the man is in an office building.	contradiction
two dogs stand side by side in the yard.	two dogs sitting on the porch.	contradiction
two dogs stand side by side in the yard.	two dogs hiding in the yard together.	neutral
two dogs stand side by side in the yard.	two dogs standing together in the yard.	entailment
two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress.	a baby is wearing orange.	entailment
two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress.	the dress was a gift.	neutral
two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress.	the baby is nude.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.	actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat.	neutral
a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.	two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.	two males are involved in martial arts.	entailment
a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.	a child is in the ocean	entailment
a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.	the child s playing on the beach.	entailment
a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.	the child is a boy.	neutral
three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding.	the temperature is a scalding 100 degrees fahrenheit.	contradiction
three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding.	the young girls are together	entailment
three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding.	the cameras are cheap.	neutral
a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike.	a tall man is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park.	contradiction
a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike.	the man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race.	neutral
a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike.	a person wearing numbers is using a nonmotorized vehicle.	entailment
a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.	a man in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by himself.	contradiction
a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.	a man sits by himself at mardi gras.	neutral
a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.	a man with a walking stick sits by himself.	entailment
the white dog is pulling a large stick.	the dog is playing tug of war with a stick.	neutral
the white dog is pulling a large stick.	the dog is pulling a stick.	entailment
the white dog is pulling a large stick.	the dog is taking a nap at the park.	contradiction
a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.	the tree appears to be dead.	neutral
a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.	the man is wearing safety gear on his head.	entailment
a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.	a ballerina is climbing a tree.	contradiction
a child plays with her father's boots.	a child players with her father's boots while he is at work.	neutral
a child plays with her father's boots.	a child is playing.	entailment
a child plays with her father's boots.	a child is playing with her mothers' shoe.	contradiction
a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background.	a red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set.	neutral
a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background.	a boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck.	contradiction
a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background.	a boy is playing.	entailment
a lioness closes in on its prey.	a lioness preying	entailment
a lioness closes in on its prey.	the lioness is hungry	neutral
a lioness closes in on its prey.	the lioness is sleeping	contradiction
a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.	the female gymnast is training.	entailment
a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.	the female gymnast is on her way to the gym.	contradiction
a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.	the female gymnast is training for the olympics.	neutral
a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.	the pigs eat dogs	contradiction
a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.	the lady digs into the ground	entailment
a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.	the lady digs into the ground for gold	neutral
a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.	a girl goes down a slide.	entailment
a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.	a frowning boy is playing soccer.	contradiction
a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.	a girl happily uses the equipment at a playground.	neutral
a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day.	a skateboarded is jogging down the street.	contradiction
a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day.	a skateboarder is preparing for the new season.	neutral
a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day.	a skateboarder is outdoors.	entailment
a man stands by two face structures on easter island.	a man on easter island.	entailment
a man stands by two face structures on easter island.	a child hunts for easter eggs.	contradiction
a man stands by two face structures on easter island.	a tourist has his picture taken on easter island.	neutral
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person.	the man is reaching for his wife.	neutral
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person.	the man is sunbathing and doesn't have on anything but his swim trunks.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person.	a man in red is holding out his hand.	entailment
three women are smiling and making cupcakes.	three women make cupcakes for a bake sale.	neutral
three women are smiling and making cupcakes.	the three women are happy about baking cupcakes.	entailment
three women are smiling and making cupcakes.	three women go to the spa.	contradiction
men in hard hats work along a wall.	guys are working near a wall.	entailment
men in hard hats work along a wall.	guys are jumping in the pool.	contradiction
men in hard hats work along a wall.	guys are working near a wall and it starts raining.	neutral
the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.	people wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing.	contradiction
the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.	men in overalls work to fix a tractor.	entailment
the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.	overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor.	entailment
two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.	the equipment is being pulled by sheep.	contradiction
two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.	the horses are both brown.	neutral
two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.	the men are working on farm stuff.	entailment
a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.	a skier down the road skiying	contradiction
a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.	a skier preparing a trick	entailment
a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.	a skier teaching others a trick	neutral
three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.	the boys are in the beach	entailment
three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.	the boys are sleeping.	contradiction
three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.	the boys are young	entailment
three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.	the boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water.	contradiction
three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.	the three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him.	contradiction
three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.	there are five children.	entailment
a dog runs.	the dog is running outside	neutral
a dog runs.	the dog runs	entailment
a dog runs.	the dog is walking	contradiction
a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk.	the big dog is playing with a toy.	neutral
a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk.	the animal is sleeping in the basement.	contradiction
a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk.	a canine is using his legs.	entailment
a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand.	a family skeet shooting	contradiction
a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand.	a black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market	neutral
a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand.	people at an outdoor market	entailment
a group of kids play on a colorful structure.	a group of kids are outdoors.	neutral
a group of kids play on a colorful structure.	a group of kids is watching tv in the living room.	contradiction
a group of kids play on a colorful structure.	a group of kids are playing in the city park.	neutral
a man walking and carrying a notebook.	the man is on his way to class.	neutral
a man walking and carrying a notebook.	the man has something in his hand.	entailment
a man walking and carrying a notebook.	the woman is reading a book.	contradiction
a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station.	a person is waiting for the train.	neutral
a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station.	a person is in the subway station.	entailment
a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station.	a man is taking the bus.	contradiction
one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.	the man is confused.	entailment
one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.	the man is confused because he doesn't know where he is.	neutral
one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.	the man is not confused.	contradiction
under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.	the men are wearing bright suits in the park.	contradiction
under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.	the man are covering themselves in clothing.	entailment
under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.	the man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather.	neutral
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	the dogs are in the backyard.	neutral
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	the dogs are eating from their dog bowls.	contradiction
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	the dogs are near the toy.	entailment
a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.	a group of friends are at the table	entailment
a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.	a group of friends are sleep.	contradiction
a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.	a group of friends are sitting	entailment
a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.	a person is falling off their bicycle.	contradiction
a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.	a surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest.	neutral
a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.	a person is in the water.	entailment
a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics.	there is a man next to a sign.	entailment
a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics.	the man works at e.s.e electronics.	neutral
a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics.	a man is running past the sign.	contradiction
an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store.	black man poses in front of e.s.e. sign after making a purchase at a store.	entailment
an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store.	man breaks camera in front of liquor store.	contradiction
an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store.	man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting.	neutral
a crowd of people are packed into a subway car.	a crowd of people are together.	entailment
a crowd of people are packed into a subway car.	one person sits on a subway car alone.	contradiction
a crowd of people are packed into a subway car.	a crowd of people are headed to work.	neutral
a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.	a girl is brushing a horse.	entailment
a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.	a girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow.	neutral
a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.	a girl is sitting on a park bench holding a puppy.	contradiction
a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.	a male guitarist playing his intrument for children.	entailment
a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.	a guitarist sitting on stage.	contradiction
a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.	a person outside with children playing.	entailment
a girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.	the girl is outside.	neutral
a girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.	the girl is ready to go swimming.	contradiction
a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.	a group of people walks in the square.	entailment
a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.	a group of people walk through tear gas.	neutral
a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.	a group of people dance in the daytime.	contradiction
an asian woman enjoys a nice treat	a lady is taking pleasure from a treat.	entailment
an asian woman enjoys a nice treat	the asian woman is eating ice cream.	neutral
an asian woman enjoys a nice treat	a business man is hurrying to work.	contradiction
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.	a girl is playing a sport in which she is jumping over a hurdle.	neutral
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.	a girl is jumping over a hurdle.	entailment
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.	a girl tripped on herself before she attempt to jump over a hurdle.	contradiction
a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	the woman is sitting next to someone.	neutral
a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	the woman has red toenails.	entailment
a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.	the woman is standing.	contradiction
kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background.	the kids are playing tag.	neutral
kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background.	the kids are at school.	contradiction
kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background.	the kids are playing.	entailment
a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "coast gas".	a man is sitting on a truck.	entailment
a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "coast gas".	a man is sitting on his porsche.	contradiction
a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "coast gas".	a man is sitting on a truck at a gas station.	neutral
a boy in the woods.	there is a boy in the woods.	entailment
a boy in the woods.	there is a small boy in the woods.	entailment
a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse.	a woman takes photos of a horse.	entailment
a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse.	the photographer is being paid to photograph wild stallions.	neutral
a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse.	a naked lady takes photos of a horse.	contradiction
this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.	this person is going to the waterfall	neutral
this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.	this person is on a river	entailment
this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.	this person is in a hot air balloon	contradiction
a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.	a man with concealed features is in a mode of  transportation used in service.	entailment
a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.	a robber is in a police car.	neutral
a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.	a woman is showing her head while riding on a horse	contradiction
a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.	the horse tripped on a rock.	neutral
a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.	the horse is riding gallantly through the grass.	contradiction
a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.	the jockey is trying not to fall off the horse.	entailment
a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow.	the person is clearing their snowed up driveway	neutral
a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow.	there is snow outside	entailment
a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow.	the rain is pouring in the desert	contradiction
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks.	workers are sitting and riding a train.	contradiction
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks.	workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks.	neutral
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks.	workers are standing outside.	entailment
children bathe in water from large drums.	the kids are taking a bath.	entailment
children bathe in water from large drums.	the kids are not reading.	entailment
children bathe in water from large drums.	the kids are wet.	entailment
a member of a bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.	a man is on on skis on the mountain.	neutral
a member of a bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.	a man is snowboarding.	contradiction
a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.	a skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves.	neutral
a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.	a skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with ramps.	entailment
a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.	a skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends.	contradiction
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a ride	entailment
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing monopoly with his brother	contradiction
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park	neutral
a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves.	contradiction
a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	a woman is teaching a ballet class.	entailment
a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.	a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves.	neutral
a bare chested smiling child plays in water.	there is a child getting naked in the water.	neutral
a bare chested smiling child plays in water.	there is a naked child in the water.	neutral
a bare chested smiling child plays in water.	there is a topless child playing in the water.	entailment
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards.	the two boys are in their bath tub	contradiction
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards.	the two boys are swimming with their floats	entailment
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards.	the two boys are swimming and catching a wave	neutral
a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses.	a man is stealing a lady's purse at the bank.	contradiction
a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses.	a man is chatting with a lady.	entailment
a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses.	a man is talking to a lady about the weather.	neutral
three girls are standing and talking to each other.	three girls are talking	entailment
three girls are standing and talking to each other.	three girls are seated	contradiction
three girls are standing and talking to each other.	three girls are laughing	neutral
people are standing next to a chain link fence.	the people are siting down.	contradiction
people are standing next to a chain link fence.	the people are outside.	entailment
people are standing next to a chain link fence.	the people are at a school.	neutral
two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard	the men are carrying bicycles.	contradiction
two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard	both of the men are walking.	entailment
two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard	the men are walking to the park.	neutral
a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.	a tall person running	neutral
a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.	a person running	entailment
a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.	nobody is running	contradiction
three children are playing with an illuminated water art display.	three children are interacting with an illuminated water art display.	entailment
three children are playing with an illuminated water art display.	three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display	neutral
kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it.	kids are playing basketball in a pond.	contradiction
kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it.	kids are playing in water.	entailment
kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it.	kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall.	neutral
a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.	a woman is playing tennis.	entailment
a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.	a woman is sleeping.	contradiction
a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.	a woman had a tennis racquet.	neutral
a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.	a woman is getting ready to box	neutral
a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.	a woman is getting up to get some water	neutral
a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.	a woman rises from a chair	entailment
here is an announcement for everybody about the beach.	the beach has an announcement.	entailment
here is an announcement for everybody about the beach.	the announcement for the beach is a warning.	neutral
here is an announcement for everybody about the beach.	there are hundreds of sharks on the beach.	contradiction
a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.	the helmet has a stripe on it.	neutral
a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.	a person has a yellow helmet.	entailment
a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.	the helmet is black.	contradiction
two asian people cooking on a grill in a park.	the couple are cooking in there home kitchen.	contradiction
two asian people cooking on a grill in a park.	a couple are having a picnic in a park.	neutral
two asian people cooking on a grill in a park.	there are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill.	neutral
a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.	the kids like science.	neutral
a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.	the children are looking through a microscope.	entailment
a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.	the kids are looking through a telescope.	contradiction
a group of men and boys look upwards at something.	a group of people looking up.	entailment
a group of men and boys look upwards at something.	a snake eating a mouse.	contradiction
a group of men and boys look upwards at something.	a group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard.	neutral
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a dog chases a rabbit.	neutral
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man shoots a rabbit.	contradiction
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog runs outside.	entailment
a black dog is digging in the snow.	a dark colored dog digging through the snow	entailment
a black dog is digging in the snow.	a dog outside digging.	entailment
a black dog is digging in the snow.	a cat running down a beach	contradiction
a girl jumps in the air.	a girl jumping rope on mars.	contradiction
a girl jumps in the air.	a jump roping girl.	neutral
a girl jumps in the air.	a girl jumps high.	neutral
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.	man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys	entailment
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.	the man was holding the door for his girlfreind	neutral
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.	the man dropped his car keys in the sewer	contradiction
kids are looking at something on a table.	some kids are burning the table down.	contradiction
kids are looking at something on a table.	some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table.	neutral
kids are looking at something on a table.	some kids are staring at something on the table.	entailment
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is doing tricks for a competition.	neutral
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is doing a trick.	entailment
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone.	neutral
a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.	a snowman is being photographed with its creator.	neutral
a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.	a snowman is taking photos of his friends.	contradiction
a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.	next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it.	entailment
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops.	a young boy is playing with a basketball.	contradiction
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops.	a baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops.	neutral
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops.	a baby is running.	entailment
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid is riding a bike.	neutral
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid is asleep.	contradiction
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid has hands.	entailment
there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.	two men carry a christmas tree.	contradiction
there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.	children opening presents.	entailment
there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.	young children open presents under a large christmas tree.	neutral
a man is walking in the street.	a man is walking outside.	entailment
a man is walking in the street.	a man is playing golf.	contradiction
a man is walking in the street.	a buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak.	neutral
the big dog is checking out the smaller dog.	two cats standing together, one is big and the other is small.	contradiction
the big dog is checking out the smaller dog.	a big dog watching over a smaller dog.	entailment
the big dog is checking out the smaller dog.	a mother dog checking up on her baby puppy.	neutral
a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.	a man is addressing a group of people.	entailment
a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.	a stock broker is speaking at a wall street conference.	neutral
a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.	a boy is riding a wave on his surfboard.	contradiction
a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it.	a woman standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores, two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a largo sign.	entailment
a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it.	a woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner.	neutral
a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it.	a woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside.	contradiction
a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.	the person is in a race.	neutral
a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.	the person is riding a four wheeler.	entailment
a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.	the person is riding a big wheel.	neutral
an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.	the man is on his cell phone.	neutral
an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.	the man is inside the car.	contradiction
an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.	an expensive car is parked.	entailment
man and women standing under a red umbrella.	the two woman stood under the black umbrella.	contradiction
man and women standing under a red umbrella.	they stood under the umbrella.	entailment
man and women standing under a red umbrella.	the married couple stood under the umbrella.	neutral
man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch.	a man writes his sports story	contradiction
man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch.	a man watches the field	entailment
man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch.	a man sits in a casino	contradiction
a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.	a man holding grapes poses for a painting.	contradiction
a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.	a family poses for a christmas picture.	neutral
a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.	a man holds a vegetable.	entailment
a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.	a man is holding onions.	entailment
a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.	a man is shopping in a grocery store.	neutral
a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.	a man is holding apples.	contradiction
a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane.	a woman is alone at a bowling alley	contradiction
a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane.	a woman is playing a game	entailment
a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane.	a woman is at a bowling alley	entailment
someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.	a monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forest.	contradiction
someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.	a person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area.	entailment
someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.	a woman is wearing a polka dot outfit, in the middle of a dangerous scene, passing out orange juice.	neutral
a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle.	a dog is sleeping on the table.	contradiction
a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle.	a dog jumps over a obstacel.	entailment
a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle.	a show dog is showing tricks for the judges.	neutral
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a clean shaven man skateboards.	contradiction
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a man skateboards.	entailment
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard.	neutral
a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.	the woman is silent.	contradiction
a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.	the woman is chatting with her friend.	neutral
a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.	a woman is having a chat.	entailment
a woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt, with another couple dancing in the background.	two men dance together in the middle	contradiction
a woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt, with another couple dancing in the background.	a woman dances with a man next to another couple dancing	entailment
san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium.	a popular football team in california has many fans.	neutral
san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium.	the 49ers are ready to play versus their rivals.	neutral
san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium.	the football game got cancelled and the field is empty.	contradiction
a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.	a man in an army uniform is meeting someone.	entailment
a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.	a man in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war zone.	neutral
a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.	a man in a navy uniform is meeting his wife.	contradiction
a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression.	a person is holding a tool.	entailment
a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression.	a carpenter is having some fun during his break.	neutral
a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression.	the person is eating a sandwich.	contradiction
the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.	the person under the blanket is dead.	neutral
the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.	the firefighters are setting a fire.	contradiction
the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.	the firefighters have finished a job.	entailment
a bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge.	the man was taking pictures of nature.	neutral
a bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge.	the man was sitting indoors watching tv.	contradiction
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses.	entailment
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a man wearing glasses in smiling at a concert.	neutral
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a boy is taking an exam.	contradiction
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are selling food on the sidewalk.	entailment
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the sidewalk.	contradiction
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk.	neutral
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.	people are watching the flowers blossom	neutral
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.	people are standing on the pavement	contradiction
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.	people are sitting in chairs	entailment
three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.	three men are doing a musical set wit wires and equipment all over the stage and they are holding unique guitar like instruments	entailment
three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.	the three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd	contradiction
three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.	the three men were in a band together	neutral
a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.	a man walks with his cow.	entailment
a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.	a man chases his dog.	contradiction
a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.	a man leads a cow to be milked.	neutral
a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.	the man is skiing	contradiction
a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.	the man is riding outside	entailment
a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.	the man is going to the store	contradiction
soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building.	soldiers are packing heat near a building.	entailment
soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building.	soldiers are holding guns in a large featureless desert.	contradiction
soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building.	soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building.	neutral
three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.	there are people patiently awaiting a firefight.	neutral
three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.	there are people avoiding traffic on a busy new york street.	contradiction
three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.	there are people standing outside.	entailment
three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building.	soldiers are on guard as they're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building.	neutral
three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building.	soldiers are being told to guard a building.	neutral
a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.	a person watches someone.	entailment
a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.	a woman watches as a man reads a paper.	contradiction
a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.	the boss watches as the employee reads the memo.	neutral
a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.	a woman enjoying a florida beacj	neutral
a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.	a woman sleeping in front of a fire	contradiction
a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.	a woman at a beach	neutral
a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home.	a man is standing in the doorway.	entailment
a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home.	the man is sitting at the table.	contradiction
a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home.	a man is looking out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home.	neutral
a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.	the man watches the other clean a fish.	entailment
a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.	the man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it.	neutral
a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.	the man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes.	contradiction
a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.	a couple looks at porn.	contradiction
a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.	the couple poses together.	neutral
a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.	a man poses with a woman.	entailment
two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.	women are outside riding horses.	entailment
two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.	women are outside riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm.	neutral
two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.	women are outside at a riding competition where they watch men compete.	contradiction
people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.	a group of people looking at a statue.	entailment
people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.	a beautiful statue of a man.	contradiction
people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.	people wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind.	neutral
a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera.	an empty field is photographed.	contradiction
a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera.	a plane flies in the sky.	entailment
a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera.	a military event is taking place.	entailment
someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.	a person with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side.	entailment
someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.	a bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act.	neutral
someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.	a boy sleeping in a hot air balloon.	contradiction
a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.	a man is disguise as he dances with someone.	neutral
a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.	a man dances with a woman in costume	entailment
a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.	a couple dances in a competition.	neutral
the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.	the pitcher throws the ball.	entailment
the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.	the pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team.	neutral
the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.	the boy plays basketball.	contradiction
a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.	a dog is chasing a ball.	entailment
a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.	a dog is at the park with it's owner.	neutral
a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.	a dog is chasing after a cat.	contradiction
some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area.	a group of people play a competitive game of frisbee.	neutral
some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area.	people play frisbee outdoors.	entailment
some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area.	a group of people play football.	contradiction
men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat.	the men are on their way to a rescue.	neutral
men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat.	the men are fighting a fire.	contradiction
men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat.	the men are outside.	entailment
a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "whatever it takes" written on his guitar.	the musician singing the song is asian.	neutral
a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "whatever it takes" written on his guitar.	the musician is singing.	entailment
a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "whatever it takes" written on his guitar.	the musician is playing the drums.	contradiction
a white dog is running through the water at a beach	the white dog is with it's owner.	neutral
a white dog is running through the water at a beach	the white dog is at a beach.	entailment
a white dog is running through the water at a beach	the white dog is sitting on the sand.	contradiction
a pale colored dog runs through a body of water.	a dog runs through some water to catch a stick.	neutral
a pale colored dog runs through a body of water.	a dog runs through some water.	entailment
a pale colored dog runs through a body of water.	a dog runs through a field.	contradiction
a girl crosscountry skis.	a girl is strolling down the park.	contradiction
a girl crosscountry skis.	a girl has on skis.	entailment
a girl crosscountry skis.	a girl is wearing a cap.	neutral
a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.	the lady is asleep	contradiction
a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.	a lady cooks	entailment
a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.	the lady cooks meat	neutral
a lone person is walking in front of a white building.	a single person is sitting at the dentist office waiting his turn.	contradiction
a lone person is walking in front of a white building.	a person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand.	neutral
a lone person is walking in front of a white building.	a single human is outside in front of a building.	entailment
a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	the girl is near an instrument.	entailment
a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	the boy is wearing shorts.	neutral
a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	the boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon.	contradiction
trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.	pretzels are poisonous.	contradiction
trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.	there is salt on the pretzels.	neutral
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert.	neutral
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is playing an instrument.	entailment
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman holds a broken violin.	contradiction
a tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool.	a couple of dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
a tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool.	a couple of animals are playing.	entailment
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a man eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite, but he doesn't give in.	neutral
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a man eats a hamburger while his friend asks for a bite.	contradiction
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a woman bites into a marshmallow chick	contradiction
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a man is eating a marshmallow.	entailment
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick	entailment
a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.	a guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite	entailment
a man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.	a man with a cat.	entailment
a man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.	a man taking his cat with him while running some errands.	neutral
a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.	a lady in a swimsuit checking things out.	entailment
a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.	a naked woman playing piano.	contradiction
a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.	a lady shopping.	neutral
a long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky.	a man with short hair dancing outside while playing the flute.	contradiction
a long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky.	a man is sitting outdoors.	entailment
an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.	the man is confined to bed.	contradiction
an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.	the man talks to his son the clown.	neutral
an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.	the man talks to the performer.	entailment
an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.	someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a man in a striped shirt.	entailment
an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.	two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night.	contradiction
an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.	two men are seated on a park bench, one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt.	entailment
mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake.	a mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit.	neutral
mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake.	a mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying.	contradiction
mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake.	two humans enjoying the outside.	entailment
a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.	a car does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers.	neutral
a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.	a car does a burn out.	entailment
a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.	a car that has no tires.	contradiction
a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.	a man swims across a pool	contradiction
a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.	a young man wears gloves	entailment
a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.	a man trims a tree	neutral
a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.	the man tries to make some money from tips.	neutral
a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.	a woman flashes bystanders.	contradiction
a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.	a man plays guitar outside.	entailment
players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field.	the players are playing a sport.	entailment
players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field.	they struggle to gain control over a ball.	entailment
players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field.	the players are having a party.	contradiction
a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.	a man is eating his tv dinner.	contradiction
a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.	a woman is preparing meat.	entailment
a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.	a woman is beginning to cook.	entailment
two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.	the animals are playing catch.	neutral
two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.	the animals are lying on the bed.	contradiction
two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.	the animals are outside.	entailment
a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground	entailment
a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog	neutral
a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.	a boy on his cellphone standing on ground	contradiction
a man is renovating a room.	a man is in a room.	entailment
a man is renovating a room.	a man is laying outside in the grass.	contradiction
a man is renovating a room.	a man is using a hammer in a room.	neutral
a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog.	a woman and a dog enjoy time together	entailment
a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog.	a woman is scratched by a cat	contradiction
a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog.	a woman spends time with her brand new puppy	neutral
four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them.	nobody is standing	contradiction
four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them.	tall humans standing	neutral
four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them.	some humans standing	entailment
young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	a young man is on a farm.	contradiction
young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	a young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area.	entailment
young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.	there is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area.	entailment
a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees.	a man sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree	contradiction
a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees.	a man flips his skateboard on a cement surface	entailment
a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees.	a man does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface	entailment
two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	two girls are in a room with red curtains.	contradiction
two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	two girls are decorating their christmas tree.	entailment
two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.	two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of christmas.	neutral
this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter.	the daddy is dead	contradiction
this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter.	daddy taught her	entailment
this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter.	daddy is old	neutral
a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	a boy on a skateboard.	entailment
a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	a boy standing upright on a skateboard.	contradiction
a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	a boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on.	neutral
a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.	a man dressed really strangely is walking in front of some shops.	entailment
a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.	a woman wearing an evening gown is at a party.	contradiction
a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.	a man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers.	neutral
three people sitting on some stairs laughing.	someone told a joke.	neutral
three people sitting on some stairs laughing.	there are three people.	entailment
three people sitting on some stairs laughing.	the dogs are laughing.	contradiction
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.	a group of girls are having fun.	neutral
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.	girls are not having a good time.	contradiction
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.	girls are at school.	neutral
shipyard workers are standing around.	shipyard workers are waiting on the docks	neutral
shipyard workers are standing around.	shipyard workers are unloading the ships	contradiction
shipyard workers are standing around.	shipyard workers are standing on the docks	neutral
a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	a person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks.	entailment
a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	two horse chase after a man holding a carrot.	contradiction
a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.	a skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe about to jump down.	entailment
a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.	a kid on a bike.	contradiction
a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.	a lady points.	entailment
a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.	a woman points at the man she is talking about.	neutral
a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees.	the trees are ready for spring.	neutral
a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees.	there is a park with no trees.	contradiction
a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees.	the woman is walking outside.	entailment
an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue.	there is a man playing an instrument	entailment
an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue.	there is a man watching others play instruments	contradiction
an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue.	there is a man outdoors playing an instrument	neutral
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	there was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks.	contradiction
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	the bridge had train tracks across it.	entailment
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks.	a person jumped off the side of the bridge.	contradiction
a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.	the man in blue is batman and the man in black is jonny cash.	contradiction
a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.	the man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him.	neutral
a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.	a man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit.	entailment
a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.	some people are exercising outside.	entailment
a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.	people are racing up a hill.	neutral
a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.	people are having a picnic.	contradiction
three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside.	people are walking along the beach.	contradiction
three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside.	people are hiking threw a woods.	neutral
three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside.	people are outside.	entailment
a group of men, some with musical instruments, sit in chairs around the perimeter of a room.	a group of men are preparing for a concert.	neutral
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	the former first lady is at the podium for a conference.	entailment
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	laura bush stands in front of a conference	entailment
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	laura bush is driving a jet-ski near the washington monument.	contradiction
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	laura bush gets ready to address a heated issue	neutral
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	george bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience	contradiction
first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy.	laura bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people.	neutral
two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.	the two men are wearing hula grass skirts.	entailment
two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.	the two men are wearing jogging clothes.	contradiction
two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.	the two men wearing hula grass skirts are hawaiian.	neutral
times square in new york.	times square is in california.	contradiction
times square in new york.	times square is packed.	neutral
times square in new york.	times square is a place.	entailment
a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime.	a woman drives a bulldozer.	contradiction
a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime.	college kids wait in line for concert tickets.	neutral
a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime.	a group of people wait in a line.	entailment
a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.	an extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters	neutral
a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.	a man surfing on the water	entailment
a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.	a man milks a cow	contradiction
two men and a frisbee	two men with a toy.	entailment
two men and a frisbee	two men playing with a frisbee.	neutral
two men and a frisbee	two men playing with a basketball.	contradiction
a boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water.	the young girl gets into the water with her bathing suit.	contradiction
a boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water.	the young swimmer wades out into the water at the start of his team practice.	neutral
a man is kayaking in rough waters.	ther isn't any water around the man	contradiction
a man is kayaking in rough waters.	the man is in a boat	entailment
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow.	a lumberjack poses with a tree he's about to chop down	neutral
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow.	a man sips beer on the beach	contradiction
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow.	a man leaning on a tree	entailment
a blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo.	a motionless truck	contradiction
a blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo.	a truck driving	entailment
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.	a man is waiting for someone	neutral
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.	a man is sitting crisscross	entailment
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.	a woman is walking	contradiction
one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.	the woman is contemplating buying a new outfit.	neutral
one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.	the ball is on the floor.	contradiction
one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.	the shirt is gray.	entailment
military personnel are shopping	military personnel are in the mall.	neutral
military personnel are shopping	military personnel are buying groceries.	neutral
military personnel are shopping	people in the military are training.	contradiction
two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy.	the dogs are chasing a rabbit.	contradiction
two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy.	two dogs are running.	entailment
two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy.	both dogs are female.	neutral
a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.	the man is talking to his friend on the phone	neutral
a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.	the man is jogging	contradiction
a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.	the cigarette is lit	entailment
a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.	the green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman.	contradiction
a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.	the clock is accurate at least two times a day.	entailment
a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.	it is noon.	neutral
several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.	several people are naked.	contradiction
several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.	there are people wearing scrubs.	entailment
several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.	there are people at the hospital.	neutral
a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.	a chef is near a food truck.	neutral
a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.	a chef is near a kitchen.	entailment
a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.	a chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of whiskey.	contradiction
a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.	a mother and her child ride home from work.	neutral
a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.	a child stands alone.	contradiction
a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.	a child and woman are picture.	entailment
the man is sweeping with a red broom.	the man is sweeping dirt	entailment
the man is sweeping with a red broom.	the man is dancing with a woman	contradiction
the man is sweeping with a red broom.	the man is sweeping	entailment
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	the matador will feel sorry for the bull	neutral
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	the angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so	neutral
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	the raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces	neutral
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf.	the woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop.	neutral
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf.	a woman fixes a display shelf.	entailment
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf.	a woman buys a ticket at a movie theater.	contradiction
three men are standing on stage performing.	men are upright on a stage.	entailment
three men are standing on stage performing.	male actors are putting on a play in a theater.	neutral
three men are standing on stage performing.	women are playing trumpets on the street.	contradiction
two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment.	two men hold torches to celebrate	entailment
two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment.	two brothers hold torches to celebrate.	neutral
a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut.	a man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around	neutral
a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut.	a man slicing coconut next to a stump.	entailment
a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut.	a man drinking coconut water.	contradiction
a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.	someone is at the doctor.	entailment
a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.	a man is at the doctor.	neutral
a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.	a man is sleeping.	contradiction
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.	a young woman is sitting on a toilet.	contradiction
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.	a young lady is sitting at a table.	entailment
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.	a young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera.	neutral
a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.	a boy is wearing clothes.	entailment
a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.	the boy plays a video game.	contradiction
a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.	a boy reads a mystery book.	neutral
a large crowd of people talking to each other.	there is a lot of people standing near each other.	entailment
a large crowd of people talking to each other.	a large crowd of dogs are at the park.	contradiction
a large crowd of people talking to each other.	people speak a variety of different languages.	neutral
in a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.wit.	a person is skating.	entailment
in a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.wit.	the skater is sitting on the ground.	contradiction
elderly people walking down a city street.	the elderly people are swimming in the pool.	contradiction
elderly people walking down a city street.	the elderly people are crossing the crosswalk.	neutral
elderly people walking down a city street.	the elderly people are walking to a restaurant.	neutral
an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.	an older woman is trying to see a billboard that is far away	neutral
an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.	4 older woman are walking	entailment
an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.	four older women are sitting in a hot tub	contradiction
a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him.	a man is running a marathon.	contradiction
a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him.	a man is sitting down.	entailment
a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him.	a man is sick next to the toilet.	neutral
a homeless man carries a sign that says "hungry".	the man does not have a home.	entailment
a homeless man carries a sign that says "hungry".	the man is living in a mansion.	contradiction
people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.	people dressed in japanese clothing walk through a courtyard.	entailment
people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.	the people are partaking in a japanese funeral tradition.	neutral
people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.	people dressed like circus clowns entertain at a child's birthday party.	contradiction
a man shows off his spider-web face paint.	the little girl asks her father to pick her up.	contradiction
a man shows off his spider-web face paint.	a young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face.	neutral
a man shows off his spider-web face paint.	a person shows some people his face painting.	entailment
man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face.	the man has nothing on his face.	contradiction
man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face.	the man has his face painted.	entailment
man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face.	the man has his face painted for a halloween event.	neutral
man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign.	a man sitting with a sign	entailment
man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign.	a man taking a break	neutral
man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign.	a man laying down	contradiction
boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.	a boy in white pajamas plays.	contradiction
boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.	a boy in light green pajamas plays.	neutral
boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.	a boy in green pajamas plays.	entailment
a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.	the young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television.	neutral
a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.	the older woman behind the young boy is his mother.	neutral
a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.	the young boy is holding a toy.	entailment
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	a girl poses for a selfie with her mother.	contradiction
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	a photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl.	entailment
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo.	neutral
sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.	sports team members are having lunch.	contradiction
sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.	team members of a sport is relaxing after practice.	entailment
sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.	team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched.	neutral
pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.	some people are attending an outdoor book sale.	neutral
pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.	some women are wrapping gifts.	contradiction
pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.	people are standing on a sidewalk.	neutral
two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.	two men riding in a car past a brick building.	contradiction
two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.	two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side.	entailment
two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.	two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside.	entailment
a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.	a vendor talks to a customer	contradiction
a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.	a vendor stares into space.	entailment
a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.	a woman vendor gazes into the distance.	neutral
an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.	the ambulance isn't stopped by heavy traffic	entailment
an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.	the man in the bandana is running after the ambulance	contradiction
an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.	the ambulance has its sirens on	neutral
a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows.	a boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building.	entailment
a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows.	a boy sleeps in his bed.	contradiction
a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows.	a boy is running infront of a building.	entailment
boys in what appears to be a library or school room.	boys are playing outside.	contradiction
boys in what appears to be a library or school room.	children are indoors.	entailment
boys in what appears to be a library or school room.	boys are in a place of learning.	entailment
3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.	galina is winning the race.	neutral
3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.	there are no women running.	contradiction
3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.	three women are running.	entailment
a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.	the man holding the painting was watching tv	contradiction
a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.	the man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly	neutral
a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.	a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas	entailment
a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	a gentleman with no chest hair, wrangles his way through a toilet seat.	entailment
a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	a man does magic tricks.	neutral
a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.	a contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat.	entailment
a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	a woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	contradiction
a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	a person walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	entailment
a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	a sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.	neutral
some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.	there are men trying to push a car in snow.	entailment
some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.	they are pushing it off a cliff to cover up a crime.	neutral
some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.	these men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie fargo.	neutral
two children are swimming in a pool.	two kids are in a swimming race.	neutral
two children are swimming in a pool.	two children are wet.	entailment
two children are swimming in a pool.	kids are riding bicycles.	contradiction
women in costume stand on a stage.	the women are on stage.	entailment
women in costume stand on a stage.	the women are in a parade.	neutral
women in costume stand on a stage.	the women are performing a play.	neutral
the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.	an old man is making pottery to sell.	entailment
the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.	a woman is soaking her feet.	contradiction
the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.	a man is making pottery.	entailment
a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air.	a child plays outdoors.	entailment
a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air.	a young boy has fun playing outdoors.	neutral
a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air.	a young boy stands at the chalkboard to answer a math problem.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.	a woman standing on top of a rocky mountain.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.	a man sitting on top of a mountain.	entailment
a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.	a rugged man sits atop a mountain.	neutral
young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	the boats jumped up from a shallow rock.	contradiction
young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	there is a fishing boat in the harbor.	neutral
young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background	a young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay.	neutral
bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.	the cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset.	entailment
bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.	he was happy.	neutral
bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.	the cyclist was riding in the morning.	contradiction
a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture.	a crowd of people are taking a picture outside.	entailment
a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture.	the group of people are frowning.	contradiction
a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture.	the group of people are smiling for their family photo.	neutral
a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter.	a woman is taking a picture.	entailment
a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter.	the woman is the girl's mom.	neutral
a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter.	the girl is on a car.	contradiction
a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.	a young model has her first photoshoot.	neutral
a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.	a child is taking pictures of an adult.	contradiction
a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.	a photographer is working.	neutral
a child stands in a shower with clothes on.	a child is naked in the shower	contradiction
a child stands in a shower with clothes on.	a child's clothes are full of mud in the shower	neutral
a child stands in a shower with clothes on.	a clothed child is in the shower	entailment
a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.	the man is riding fast on the four wheeler.	neutral
a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.	the man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet ski.	contradiction
a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.	the man is entered in a event.	entailment
two men cool off under a waterfall.	two women are under a waterfall.	contradiction
two men cool off under a waterfall.	two men are under a waterfall.	entailment
two men cool off under a waterfall.	two brothers are under a waterfall.	neutral
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	the man is a worker.	neutral
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	the hose is being used.	entailment
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	the shirt is red.	contradiction
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	a worker is cleaning up after a fire.	neutral
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	a man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field.	contradiction
a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo.	a man is spraying water on concrete.	entailment
a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	the man and his son were watching a parade	contradiction
a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk	entailment
a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.	the man and the boy were in town	neutral
an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.	the woman has a white shirt on.	entailment
an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.	the woman is holding a purse.	entailment
an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.	the woman is in her 20s.	neutral
three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.	the men are driving cars.	contradiction
three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.	the men are talking to each other on the side of the rode about their wives.	neutral
three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.	the men's bikes broke.	neutral
a group of men are riding a moving walkway.	a moving walkway has a group of men riding on it.	entailment
a group of men are riding a moving walkway.	a group of women are baking in a kitchen.	contradiction
a group of men are riding a moving walkway.	a groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway.	neutral
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	there is a group of people at the airport.	entailment
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	six men are trying to get to their gate at the airport.	neutral
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	six men are sitting on a park bench.	contradiction
a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain.	a person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it.	neutral
a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain.	a person is playing football at the stadium.	contradiction
a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain.	a person is situated near a mountain.	entailment
kids work at computers with a teacher's help.	the kids are learning.	entailment
kids work at computers with a teacher's help.	the kids sit in front of computers.	entailment
kids work at computers with a teacher's help.	there is no teacher in the room.	contradiction
the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.	two men are next to each other.	entailment
the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.	a retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear.	neutral
the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.	a man is being served a dish in a restaurant.	contradiction
a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "cafe de flo" visible on the cafe canopy banner.	a businessman walks by a closed cafe.	neutral
a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "cafe de flo" visible on the cafe canopy banner.	a person walks by a cafe.	entailment
a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "cafe de flo" visible on the cafe canopy banner.	a man walks by an open cafe named "cafe de flo"	contradiction
a woman holding bags behind plantains.	the woman is about to shoplift the fruit to make dinner for her cats.	neutral
a woman holding bags behind plantains.	a lady is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit.	entailment
a woman holding bags behind plantains.	the woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs.	contradiction
three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.	the guy chased his dog down the street.	contradiction
three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.	some teams were playing ball in the field.	neutral
three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.	there are some players chasing a ball.	entailment
a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures.	a man sitting on the floor with pictures around him.	entailment
a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures.	a man sitting on the floor with photographs around him.	entailment
a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures.	a man sitting on a barren floor.	contradiction
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.	a woman is checking out papers.	entailment
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.	a woman checking papers is a teacher.	neutral
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.	a woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party.	contradiction
a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.	a group of students are taking naps.	contradiction
a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.	the college class of mostly females watched a presentation.	entailment
a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.	the class of mostly females watched a presentation.	entailment
a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.	a swimmer is winning	neutral
a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.	a swimmer is swimming	entailment
a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.	a man is riding a bike	contradiction
a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.	a woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street.	contradiction
a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.	a woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future.	neutral
a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.	a woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window.	entailment
band plays in tight quarters.	the group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city.	contradiction
band plays in tight quarters.	the four members of the band are in tight quarters.	neutral
band plays in tight quarters.	the band is playing.	entailment
three women sit together near woven walls.	the woven walls are multicolored.	neutral
three women sit together near woven walls.	three women sit together.	entailment
three women sit together near woven walls.	the three bar tenders work hard pouring drinks.	contradiction
a band playing on stage in a club.	musicians are playing their instruments at a venue	entailment
a band playing on stage in a club.	a rock band is playing at the 9:30 club	neutral
a band playing on stage in a club.	the stage crew is cleaning the stage	contradiction
a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.	a woman performs for the crowd.	entailment
a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.	the woman is a street performer.	entailment
a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.	a dark haired kid dances for the crowd.	contradiction
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	three young giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts	contradiction
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts	neutral
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts	entailment
a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.	a female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater.	neutral
a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.	an astronaut training underwater.	entailment
a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.	an astronaut working with an alien to repair a satellite.	contradiction
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding.	a human working	entailment
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding.	a tall human working	neutral
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding.	nobody is working	contradiction
a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.	the guy is on a rock with a skateboard.	entailment
a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.	the rock is on a skateboard.	contradiction
a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.	the skateboarder is near a rock.	entailment
a man is steering his ship out at sea.	a man is eaten by a shark.	contradiction
a man is steering his ship out at sea.	a man pilots his boat.	entailment
a man is steering his ship out at sea.	a man is sailing to cuba.	neutral
one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.	men taking pictures of women at the beach.	contradiction
one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.	women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant.	neutral
one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.	women taking pictures of each other.	entailment
a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.	the ledge is made of a hard substance.	entailment
a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.	the man may lose his balance.	neutral
a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.	the roller blade wheels are square.	contradiction
a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.	the players are playing rugby.	entailment
a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.	the players are playing basketball.	contradiction
a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.	the players are playing rugby in a championship game.	neutral
dog running through the snow.	this is the first time the dog has seen snow.	neutral
dog running through the snow.	a dog tries out frozen water.	contradiction
dog running through the snow.	the dog is swimming.	contradiction
an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.	the woman is in her teens.	contradiction
an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.	a woman is sitting in a chair.	entailment
an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.	she is over 80 years old.	neutral
a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.	people celebrate st paddys day	neutral
a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.	people watch men in kilts	entailment
a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.	a cow moo's	contradiction
a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole.	a man is dancing thru the field.	contradiction
a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole.	a person threw a pole.	entailment
a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole.	a man is wearing a skirt.	entailment
kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.	kids are sightseeing	entailment
kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.	the kids are in a classroom	contradiction
kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.	the kids are on a fieldtrip	neutral
a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.	a woman is crying.	entailment
a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.	a woman cries because her husband left.	neutral
a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.	a naked man in a bar.	contradiction
women in red are performing with nun-chucks.	the women are beating each other up with their bare fists.	contradiction
women in red are performing with nun-chucks.	women are wielding nun-chucks.	entailment
women in red are performing with nun-chucks.	the women are auditioning for a kung fu movie.	neutral
six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.	they are in a wedding	neutral
six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.	2 women are talking	contradiction
six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.	sin men are in tuxedos	entailment
a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.	the young boy went swimming.	contradiction
a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.	the young boy is outside.	neutral
a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.	the young boy is on a farm.	neutral
this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.	the roller coaster ride is empty.	contradiction
this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.	the roller coaster ride is filled with people.	entailment
this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.	the roller coaster ride is made from wood.	neutral
a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.	a clown is performing a unicycle trick.	neutral
a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.	a man is riding a unicycle.	contradiction
a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.	a man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner.	entailment
kid practicing karate move	a kid is practicing a complicated karate move.	neutral
kid practicing karate move	a kid is practicing.	entailment
kid practicing karate move	a man is practicing a karate move.	contradiction
a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london.	a young man waits outdoors in london on a bench.	neutral
a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london.	the young man is 60 years old.	contradiction
a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london.	the advertisements behind him are for a food.	neutral
some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.	the kids are at the beach in the sand.	contradiction
some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.	the kids are enemies.	neutral
some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.	the kids are playing soccer.	entailment
rock band on stage immersed in light show.	some of the lights are yellow.	neutral
rock band on stage immersed in light show.	there is a light show.	entailment
rock band on stage immersed in light show.	all of the lights are dimmed.	contradiction
a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.	a band is playing a song for an audience.	neutral
a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.	a band is playing a concert in a packed stadium.	neutral
a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.	sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo.	contradiction
the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.	a football player is holding a ball.	entailment
the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.	a man has dropped a ball.	contradiction
the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.	a quarterback is holding a ball.	neutral
a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.	the woman is running down the path, jogging with earphones in her ears.	contradiction
a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.	there is one woman in this picture.	entailment
a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.	the woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop.	neutral
a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	a group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	entailment
a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	there are a few unhappy people here.	neutral
a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.	there is a group of people standing around and smiling.	entailment
a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	a fan has his moment	neutral
a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	the moment the fan saw the light	contradiction
a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	the moment has it's fan	contradiction
a man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on.	the man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean.	contradiction
a man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on.	the man is wearing khakis.	neutral
a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.	a boy is watching the ocean.	neutral
a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.	a boy is standing in sand.	entailment
a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.	a boy is watching a boat float by.	neutral
three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.	a group of men are indoors watching football while it snows outside.	contradiction
three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.	a group of women went for a motorcycle ride.	neutral
three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.	three women are talking and there is a woman on a motorcyle.	entailment
male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.	a man is talking to his wife on the phone.	neutral
male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.	a man is in his house.	entailment
male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.	a man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone.	contradiction
a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields.	the officers are outside.	entailment
a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields.	the police are controlling an unruly crowd.	neutral
a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields.	the cops are sitting in a donut shop.	contradiction
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.	street vendors are skillfully grilling food for customers.	neutral
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.	a restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food.	contradiction
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.	food is being prepared and served.	entailment
a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.	a man has surfed for an hour	neutral
a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.	a man sleeps in bed	contradiction
a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.	a man surfs	entailment
a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.	a woman swims by herself through the waves.	contradiction
a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.	the man is windsurfing on the ocean.	entailment
a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.	a windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash.	neutral
a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage.	some people are sitting in a lounge.	contradiction
a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage.	a crowd is watching people dance.	entailment
a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage.	a crowd is watching a talent show.	neutral
a man is using what looks to be a fax machine.	a sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine.	neutral
a man is using what looks to be a fax machine.	a person is using what looks to be a fax machine.	entailment
a man is using what looks to be a fax machine.	a woman is using what looks to be a fax machine.	contradiction
a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.	a child is smiling as he watches a clown.	neutral
a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.	a child is performing brain surgery.	contradiction
a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.	a young kid is smiling.	entailment
an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags.	an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store.	neutral
an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags.	an asian man transports a group of bags.	entailment
an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags.	an asian man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon.	contradiction
an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple.	a man is practicing his religion.	entailment
an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple.	the man is making noise and bothering others.	contradiction
an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple.	the man has been buddhist his whole life.	neutral
a band performing at a local bar or club.	the band is playing music	entailment
a band performing at a local bar or club.	the band is playing rock music	neutral
a band performing at a local bar or club.	the band is playing music at a large venue	contradiction
two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet.	two people are climbing something.	entailment
two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet.	two men are playing soccer in the field.	contradiction
two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet.	two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their frisbee.	neutral
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street	neutral
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.	a boy swimming in the ocean	contradiction
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.	a boy engaged in a leisure activity	entailment
a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book.	two people are occupied with different content.	entailment
a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book.	the man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book.	neutral
a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book.	a man and woman are on a boat in the middle of the sea.	contradiction
a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building.	a dog runs far	contradiction
a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building.	a man cleans outside his work	neutral
a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building.	a man sweeps	entailment
a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.	the group of people are part of a cult.	neutral
a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.	the group of people are scuba divers.	contradiction
a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.	the group of people are dressed alike.	entailment
a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.	a saleswoman in a market.	entailment
a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.	a dog sells a woman a hat.	contradiction
a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.	a woman sells her wares in a busy market.	neutral
two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.	two workers blowing leaves on a fall day	neutral
two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.	two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for  fun	contradiction
two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.	two people outdoors	entailment
a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool.	boy in a pool	entailment
a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool.	boy playing in the sandbox	contradiction
a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool.	boy cooling off during the summer	neutral
africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background.	the  people are in africa	neutral
africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background.	the people are walking in the dirt	entailment
men work on a city street.	the men are working	entailment
men work on a city street.	the men are construction workers	neutral
men work on a city street.	the men are sleeping	contradiction
workers wearing orange vests work on fence.	guy sitting on fence.	contradiction
workers wearing orange vests work on fence.	guys working outside.	neutral
workers wearing orange vests work on fence.	men working to build a fence for customers.	neutral
a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd.	the guy in the green cap just got home.	neutral
a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd.	a man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards.	entailment
a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd.	the man in the green cap finds something funny.	entailment
a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	a fat woman is wearing a shirt.	entailment
a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	a fat woman is topless.	contradiction
a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	a fat woman is wearing pants.	neutral
a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	a man is swimming in an indoor pool.	entailment
a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	a man is teaching his granddaughter to swim.	neutral
a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool	a boy is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
man chopping wood with an axe.	the man is chopping wood with a hammer.	contradiction
man chopping wood with an axe.	a man is cutting wood.	entailment
man chopping wood with an axe.	the man is outside.	entailment
an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.	a man on crutches is trying to cross the street.	neutral
an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.	a man with a walking stick is next to the street.	contradiction
an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.	an man on crutches is outside.	entailment
two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard.	these two men are relaxing by the pool.	contradiction
two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard.	two people work outside.	entailment
two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard.	two men work outdoors.	entailment
a young cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena.	a cowboy is swimming in the arena	contradiction
a young cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena.	a cowboy is riding a bronco outside.	entailment
a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.	the young man is a guitar player	entailment
a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.	the man is a janice joplin fan.	neutral
a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.	the man is playing an acoustic guitar.	neutral
an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	a young woman drank a lot of soda.	contradiction
an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	an old man collects soda cans.	neutral
an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.	an old man smiles in front of soda cans.	entailment
a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.	the bubble machine makes candy.	contradiction
a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.	a toddler and little girl are blowing bubbles.	entailment
a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.	sisters are using a bubble machine to blow big bubbles.	neutral
two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.	the two men are taking a lunch break.	neutral
two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.	two men are standing near an idling bulldozer.	entailment
two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.	the two men are back at the office.	contradiction
two soccer players are going after the ball.	they are playing soccer outside.	neutral
two soccer players are going after the ball.	there are two soccer players.	entailment
two soccer players are going after the ball.	people are playing baseball.	contradiction
an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce.	the boy  was listening to music	contradiction
an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce.	a old man was talking	entailment
an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce.	the boy was listening	neutral
the guitarist performs a rocking solo.	the musician is at home sleeping	contradiction
the guitarist performs a rocking solo.	the musician is performing	entailment
the guitarist performs a rocking solo.	the musician is performing his favorite song	neutral
man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.	man stares at a painting in a museum.	neutral
man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.	man staring off into the distance.	entailment
man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.	man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds.	neutral
three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.	the three adults are outside in the garden.	entailment
three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.	they are planting flowers.	neutral
three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.	the basketball players are playing ball.	contradiction
a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.	they plan to go throw rocks into the water	neutral
a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.	they bike around together laughing gleefully	contradiction
a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.	the man and his follows walk along outside	entailment
a longeared dog running in the grass.	a dog is being groomed at a parlor.	contradiction
a longeared dog running in the grass.	a dog runs in the grass.	entailment
a longeared dog running in the grass.	a beagle runs in the grass.	neutral
the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.	the husband mows the lawn.	contradiction
the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.	a male is engaging in something acrobatic.	entailment
the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.	the circus performer wows the crowd with his feat.	neutral
a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches.	the man is street performer.	neutral
a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches.	a man is standing on his hands.	entailment
a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches.	the kid is standing on two hands in the street.	contradiction
a child buried in the sand.	the child is swimming at the pool.	contradiction
a child buried in the sand.	the child has sand on him or her.	entailment
a child buried in the sand.	the child is dead.	contradiction
a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.	the girl is sitting on the beach.	entailment
a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.	a young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation.	neutral
a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.	the girl runs through the grass outside her school.	contradiction
a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.	a man is near a desk and a computer.	entailment
a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.	a man in a gray shirt is outdoors.	contradiction
a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.	a man in a gray shirt is working on a novel.	neutral
a man is riding a bicycle in the street.	a bicycle is being ridden	entailment
a man is riding a bicycle in the street.	a man is suntanning on a cave	contradiction
a man is riding a bicycle in the street.	the man is chasing after his daughter	neutral
a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail.	the male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing.	neutral
a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail.	the rollderblader is using the rail.	entailment
a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail.	the skateboarder rides the rail.	entailment
a young boy plays on a pile of rocks.	a boy is playing army with action figures on rocks.	neutral
a young boy plays on a pile of rocks.	a girl is having a tea party in her room.	contradiction
a young boy plays on a pile of rocks.	a boy is playing on rocks.	entailment
one man cutting through ice on a cold day.	the man cut the ice wrong.	neutral
one man cutting through ice on a cold day.	the man is cutting through ice.	entailment
one man cutting through ice on a cold day.	the man is running around his house.	contradiction
a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face.	the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies	neutral
a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face.	both men were stuffing their faces	contradiction
a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face.	the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face	neutral
three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.	three small dogs run on the moon	contradiction
three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.	three small dogs run through the grass during the day	neutral
three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.	there are animals outdoors	entailment
a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left.	a male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street.	entailment
a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left.	the man is sleeping in his jail cell.	contradiction
a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left.	the man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner didn't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit.	neutral
a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.	the two women are amused.	entailment
a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.	the women are angry.	contradiction
a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.	the women just heard a joke.	neutral
a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.	a woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky	neutral
a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.	a woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod	contradiction
a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.	a woman is setting up a camera on a tripod	entailment
a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.	the person is outdoors.	entailment
a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.	the bike is black.	neutral
a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.	the man is indoors.	contradiction
a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.	the man is protesting for better wages.	neutral
a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.	a woman grabs a man's crotch during a protest.	contradiction
a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.	the man is making a crude gesture.	entailment
a dog and a cow play together inside the fence.	a dog and cow are playing with hay.	neutral
a dog and a cow play together inside the fence.	a dog and cow are outside.	entailment
a dog and a cow play together inside the fence.	a dog and cow are chasing the horse.	contradiction
a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill.	a young man is grilling food.	entailment
a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill.	a young man is grilling hotdogs for a memorial day party.	neutral
a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill.	a young man is grilling fish in his underwear.	contradiction
people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	people look at their reflection in new york city.	neutral
people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	people checking out their reflection.	entailment
people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	people look their reflection in a regular mirror.	contradiction
a small child is riding in a red wagon.	a kid is playing inside the house.	neutral
a small child is riding in a red wagon.	a kid is in a wagon.	entailment
a small child is riding in a red wagon.	a kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it.	neutral
a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	someone made one of the girls cry.	neutral
a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	two girls are wearing blue shirts.	entailment
a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.	two boys are playing together.	contradiction
three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.	four friends at the beach pose in the water.	contradiction
three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.	four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday.	neutral
three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.	four people pose for an outdoor photo.	entailment
she is standing outside a building.	a female is outside, standing.	entailment
she is standing outside a building.	a woman is posing for a selfie.	neutral
she is standing outside a building.	a woman is sitting at her desk.	contradiction
a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.	a man is watching another man skateboard at a park.	contradiction
a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.	a man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike.	neutral
a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.	a man is on a motorbike.	entailment
three people wearing black blindfolds near a "salvar o planeta" sign.	there are 3 people with blindfolds	entailment
three people wearing black blindfolds near a "salvar o planeta" sign.	they are protesting	neutral
three people wearing black blindfolds near a "salvar o planeta" sign.	they can all see	contradiction
a man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery.	a machine takes down architecture as a man sprays water on it.	entailment
a man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery.	a man throws rocks at a wall.	contradiction
a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.	the building is being painted.	contradiction
a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.	the demolition vehicle is being operated.	entailment
a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.	the man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn't get too dusty as the building is demolished.	neutral
a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.	a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot	contradiction
a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.	a woman rests near her baby	neutral
a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.	a girl eats on a bench near a stroller	entailment
a group of people building gingerbread houses.	a group of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread house neighborhood for class.	neutral
a group of people building gingerbread houses.	a man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them.	contradiction
a group of people building gingerbread houses.	more than one person is working on edible buildings.	entailment
a group of people sitting and knitting.	people are sitting.	entailment
a group of people sitting and knitting.	everyone is sleeping.	contradiction
a group of people sitting and knitting.	a group of women are knitting.	neutral
a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.	the girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade.	neutral
a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.	the girl in pink holding an umbrella.	entailment
a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.	the girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella.	contradiction
a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors.	a woman is active	entailment
a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors.	a woman is practicing for the olympics	neutral
a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors.	the woman is cooking in the kitchen	contradiction
a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.	the women are driving down the road.	contradiction
a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.	women are watching a parade.	entailment
a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.	they think the men are handsome.	neutral
a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.	a woman is looking at a phtographer	entailment
a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.	a woman is tying her shoes	contradiction
a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.	a woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium	neutral
a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree.	the kid is in front of the tree	entailment
a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree.	the kid is on saturn	contradiction
a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree.	the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve	neutral
a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.	man out for a jog.	contradiction
a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.	man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv	entailment
a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.	man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels.	entailment
a man is laid back in front of a tv.	a man is relaxing	entailment
a man is laid back in front of a tv.	he is watching the news	neutral
a man is laid back in front of a tv.	the man is standing in the kitchen	contradiction
a little boy playing outside on the cement.	a boy is playing with a toy car.	neutral
a little boy playing outside on the cement.	a boy is outside playing.	entailment
a little boy playing outside on the cement.	a boy is doing homework.	contradiction
woman running in a park while listening to music.	a woman exercising for the day.	neutral
woman running in a park while listening to music.	a man cooking at home.	contradiction
woman running in a park while listening to music.	a woman jogging in a park.	entailment
two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.	two opponents are getting ready to face off in a hockey game.	neutral
two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.	two men are getting ready to play basketball.	contradiction
two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.	hockey players are standing on the ice rink.	entailment
people hurrying to get to work in a busy city.	people rushing to get to work.	entailment
people hurrying to get to work in a busy city.	people rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late.	neutral
people hurrying to get to work in a busy city.	people waiting at a bus stop.	neutral
an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.	a woman is portioning out soup for the workers.	neutral
an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.	a woman is measuring out wine from a barrel.	contradiction
an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.	a woman is handling food containers.	neutral
a man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large american flag.	a construction man takes a break to salute the flag.	neutral
a man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large american flag.	a man saluting the american flag.	entailment
a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.	a lady is taking pictures at a party.	neutral
a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.	a lady uses a camera.	entailment
a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.	a lady is filming the party.	contradiction
a man preparing to bat in a baseball game.	the woman is playing baseball.	contradiction
a man preparing to bat in a baseball game.	a man is going to play baseball.	entailment
a man preparing to bat in a baseball game.	the man is on a team.	neutral
woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.	the girl is riding down a dirt street	neutral
woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.	the women rides a scooter down the street	entailment
woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.	the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse	contradiction
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.	a boy is getting splashed.	neutral
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.	the boy is having fun.	neutral
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.	the boy is not wet.	contradiction
a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.	a woman is wearing a silk shirt.	neutral
a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.	a woman is wearing a shirt.	entailment
a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.	a woman is in the shower.	contradiction
a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.	a person is holding a tennis racket.	entailment
a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.	a person is standing on a tennis court.	neutral
a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.	the person is taking a nap in their bed.	contradiction
a man working at the top of a telephone pole.	the guy is hunting in the woods.	contradiction
a man working at the top of a telephone pole.	a man is working outside.	entailment
a man working at the top of a telephone pole.	a man is checking the telephone wires.	neutral
a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass.	the stockings are white and purple.	contradiction
a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass.	the boots have a hole in them.	neutral
a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass.	a person is wearing boots.	entailment
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant.	the restaurant is open at night.	entailment
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant.	a nighttime scene of an apartment building.	contradiction
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant.	the restaurant is about to close.	neutral
a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.	the guy is dancing to michael jackson	contradiction
a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw	entailment
a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house	neutral
a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.	two women arm wrestle in a bar	contradiction
a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.	a woman runs quickly down a road	neutral
a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.	a lady runs wearing red and black	entailment
the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.	a dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting.	neutral
the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.	a male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting.	neutral
the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.	a dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the pacific ocean.	contradiction
a group of people in black outfits drinking beer.	people eat chunks of meat.	contradiction
a group of people in black outfits drinking beer.	people drink a beverage.	entailment
a group of people in black outfits drinking beer.	people drink beer at the pub.	neutral
three women are dressed in ninja costumes.	there is only one person present.	contradiction
three women are dressed in ninja costumes.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
three women are dressed in ninja costumes.	the ninja costumes are black.	neutral
a group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him.	a group are celebrating the 4th of july.	entailment
a group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him.	the group are celebrating christmas.	contradiction
man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.	a man is competing with others on a soccor court	neutral
man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.	a man is preaparing to play a game	neutral
man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.	a man is a t a soccor court	entailment
female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.	one player on the women's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on.	entailment
female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.	a group of women are soaked from the rain.	contradiction
female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.	some women are playing a sport.	entailment
a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums.	two men in cultural garb are playing drums among a crowd.	entailment
a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums.	two men in cultural garb play the drums for a crowd.	entailment
two dogs are playing catch in a field.	the two dogs are playing with a frisbee.	neutral
two dogs are playing catch in a field.	the two dogs are outside.	entailment
two dogs are playing catch in a field.	the two dogs are resting in the field.	contradiction
man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.	a man and his son are looking at something.	neutral
man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.	a woman and her dog are eating breakfast.	contradiction
man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.	a man and a child look at something.	entailment
a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board.	a person is windsurfing.	entailment
a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board.	the windsurfer is having fun.	neutral
a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board.	no one is windsurfing.	contradiction
many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.	the people are on the famous steps rocky runs up in a training montage.	neutral
many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.	the people are all running very fast in the boston marathon.	contradiction
many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.	people are taking a break from their activities.	entailment
a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car.	a man stands on his tip toes in front of two people.	entailment
a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car.	a man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair.	contradiction
a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car.	a short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people.	neutral
an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself.	the woman is asian.	neutral
an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself.	the woman is in a wheelchair.	contradiction
an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself.	a woman is walking past a brick wall.	entailment
a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	a group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway.	neutral
a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	some firemen are putting out a fire.	contradiction
a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.	a group of people are turning over a car.	entailment
a woman in an apron is looking for bread.	a woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards.	neutral
a woman in an apron is looking for bread.	a woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom.	contradiction
a woman in an apron is looking for bread.	a woman is wearing an apron.	entailment
two men at a table having drinks.	two women are talking.	contradiction
two men at a table having drinks.	two people are drinking.	entailment
a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.	a boy is pushing the scooter.	contradiction
a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.	the girl is wearing shoes	neutral
a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.	a girl is pushing a scooter.	entailment
a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain.	a child sits next to a storm drain.	entailment
a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain.	a child is sitting next to a computer desk.	contradiction
a man is playing drums with a band.	a man is playing an instrument.	entailment
a man is playing drums with a band.	a man is playing at the music festival.	neutral
a man is playing drums with a band.	a man is singing with a band.	contradiction
a couple walking down the street.	an old couple walking, holding hands	neutral
a couple walking down the street.	a couple dancing to music	contradiction
a couple walking down the street.	people walking outside	entailment
a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard.	a woman struggles to swim after falling into a strong current.	neutral
a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard.	a woman is wakeboarding.	entailment
a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard.	a woman lays on a pool float.	contradiction
right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.	the right leg is in a brace	entailment
right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.	the boy is walking around	contradiction
right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.	the boy is not happy	neutral
a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.	the girl is jumping.	entailment
a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.	the girl is jumping because she is happy.	neutral
a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.	the girl is jumping in the air, while she is at the beach.	contradiction
a boy in a swing.	a boy playing	entailment
a boy in a swing.	boy swinging	entailment
a boy in a swing.	boy swimming	contradiction
a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.	a woman picks a flower out of a bucket.	entailment
a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.	a woman picks a flower for her mother.	neutral
a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.	a man writes in a journal.	contradiction
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction.	a mass of people moving the same way.	entailment
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction.	a mass of people moving in the same direction in order to find the object.	neutral
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction.	a few people walked in random directions.	contradiction
a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail.	the bmx rider is at home watching the x games.	contradiction
a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail.	the bmx rider is getting dirt on his clothes.	neutral
a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail.	the bmx rider is riding a two wheeled vehicle.	entailment
six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	a group of construction workers is taking a break.	entailment
six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	a soccer team is standing outside of a building.	contradiction
six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.	a construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building.	neutral
a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.	two young people are in love.	neutral
a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.	two young people are angry.	contradiction
a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.	two young people sit in a black chair happily.	entailment
a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	two people sign copies of books.	entailment
a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people.	contradiction
a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.	two people sign copies of their latest novel.	entailment
two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.	the men are playing wind instruments.	contradiction
two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.	they are working near a brick building.	neutral
two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.	two workers are working.	entailment
a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools.	a contractor looks at the job	neutral
a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools.	a man stands in a construction site	entailment
a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools.	a cat meows	contradiction
two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.	two men lie in the sand of a desert.	contradiction
two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.	a couple people enjoy the water near the mountains.	neutral
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	the dogs are chasing a ball.	entailment
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	the tennis ball is clean.	contradiction
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	the tennis ball was thrown really far.	neutral
pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture.	a lumberjack harvesting massive redwoods.	neutral
pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture.	a smiling man with his pink spring trees.	neutral
pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture.	a person surrounded by spring trees.	entailment
a man standing alone in a park.	a man alone at home	contradiction
a man standing alone in a park.	a man alone in the park	entailment
a man standing alone in a park.	a man alone in the park up to no good	neutral
a person lies in a grassy area near a building.	the person is jumping on a trampoline.	contradiction
a person lies in a grassy area near a building.	there is a person outside.	entailment
a person lies in a grassy area near a building.	a man is outside.	neutral
two small children walk away in a field.	two small children walk towards their parents in a field.	neutral
two small children walk away in a field.	two small children are sitting down, eating ice cream.	contradiction
two small children walk away in a field.	two small children walk outdoors.	entailment
a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.	kids are walking through a mall.	contradiction
a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.	kids are walking in a field.	entailment
a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.	kids are playing in the field.	neutral
several people are bike riding.	a team of polo players are practicing with their horses.	contradiction
several people are bike riding.	some people are riding bicycles.	entailment
several people are bike riding.	a group of siblings are riding their bikes to school.	neutral
a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.	the man is selling pirated dvds	contradiction
a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.	the man is intelligent	neutral
a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.	a man has long red hair	entailment
two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.	skateboarders race for money.	neutral
two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.	two snowboarders race.	entailment
two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.	two skateboarders race.	entailment
a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.	a woman is smiling.	entailment
a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.	the woman is frowning.	contradiction
a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.	the woman is happy.	neutral
a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.	a biker is riding for a charity event through the center of town.	neutral
a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.	a biker is close to the fountain.	entailment
a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.	a biker rides next to the ocean.	contradiction
a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.	a gymnast scanning a crowd for familiar faces.	entailment
a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.	a gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she hadn't been attending her lessons.	neutral
a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.	luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling.	contradiction
a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.	a gal is holding a stuffed dog.	contradiction
a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.	a woman is holding a stuffed animal.	entailment
a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.	a female is posing for the camera.	neutral
a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band.	nobody has a trumpet	contradiction
a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band.	a human with a trumpet	entailment
a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band.	a great human with a big trumpet	neutral
a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.	a kid looks out of a window.	contradiction
a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.	a child is being held by his mother at the mall.	contradiction
a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.	a blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman.	neutral
a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.	the fighter plane is in korea.	contradiction
a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.	the fighter plane has no one inside of it.	neutral
a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.	the fighter jet plane is not moving.	entailment
a couple about to kiss somewhere.	a couple are kissing on new years eve as the ball drops.	neutral
a couple about to kiss somewhere.	a couple is throwing food at passing cars.	contradiction
a couple about to kiss somewhere.	a couple is going to kiss.	entailment
a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.	the ballerina is sleeping soundly.	contradiction
a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.	the ballerina hates this.	neutral
a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.	the ballerina's leg is lifted behind her.	entailment
a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.	the man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing.	contradiction
a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.	the man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids.	neutral
a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.	a man in a black hat is swinging with some children.	entailment
a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.	a man is painting new york city.	neutral
a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.	a man is painting outside.	entailment
a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.	a man is painting some dolphins.	neutral
a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.	the woman is sitting.	entailment
a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.	the woman is standing.	contradiction
a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.	the woman sitting is asian.	neutral
a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.	a train conductor is standing in a door.	entailment
a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.	the conductor is walking in a field.	neutral
a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.	a man is wearing coveralls.	neutral
the dogs run a race at the track.	a group of dogs are racingon a track.	entailment
the dogs run a race at the track.	people are betting on dogs at a track.	neutral
the dogs run a race at the track.	dogs are chasing bunnies in a field.	contradiction
performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe.	a costume is being worn by a performer.	entailment
performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe.	the actor playing voldemort is wearing a scary mask and a black and white robe.	neutral
performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe.	the performer is naked.	contradiction
four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.	people are outdoors.	entailment
four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.	actors are on broadway.	contradiction
four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.	professional actors are doing summer stock.	neutral
a group of young adults with "x" on their hands, smiling.	the group of adults are crying hysterially.	contradiction
a group of young adults with "x" on their hands, smiling.	the group of adults is happy.	entailment
a group of young adults with "x" on their hands, smiling.	they are all under 21 at a club.	neutral
a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols.	the young white girl is sitting by the sidewalk.	contradiction
a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols.	the young white girl is outdoors.	entailment
a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols.	the young white girl is standing on a street while it's sunny outside.	neutral
this off-roading driver has tipped his truck.	a truck is on it's side.	entailment
this off-roading driver has tipped his truck.	an off-roading truck was totalled.	neutral
this off-roading driver has tipped his truck.	a ferrari goes through the drive-thru.	contradiction
a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.	the man is outdoors walking.	entailment
a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.	the man is walking to the supermarket.	neutral
a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.	the man is running down the street.	contradiction
a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "armenian genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.	the woman has sounds emanting from her mouth.	entailment
a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "armenian genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.	the woman is armenian.	neutral
a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "armenian genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.	the men are naked.	contradiction
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.	people shopping for veggies and fruit at a market.	entailment
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.	people shopping for veggies at a nice market.	neutral
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.	people shopping for junk at a flea market.	contradiction
four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.	four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room.	neutral
four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.	four clothed children relaxing in a room.	entailment
four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.	three middle aged men work at desks.	contradiction
man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books.	man takes library books back from customers.	neutral
man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books.	man sells books to crowd.	neutral
man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books.	man handling books while sitting in chair.	entailment
motorcycle rider going over a bump.	camel rider going over a bump.	contradiction
motorcycle rider going over a bump.	motorcycle rider going over a big bump.	neutral
motorcycle rider going over a bump.	motorcycle rider riding over a bump.	entailment
two bearded men sit side by side.	three women are sitting on a blanket.	contradiction
two bearded men sit side by side.	two men are sitting together at a park.	neutral
two bearded men sit side by side.	two men are sitting down.	entailment
five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.	there are five individuals near a building.	entailment
five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.	the people are friends.	neutral
five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.	the people are seated next to a building.	contradiction
the small boy is running through a grassy area.	the boy is in his room.	contradiction
the small boy is running through a grassy area.	a boy is running outside.	entailment
the small boy is running through a grassy area.	the boy is in a park.	neutral
two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains.	two people are riding on bikes outside.	entailment
two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains.	two people are hiking up a mountain.	contradiction
two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains.	two people are in a bike race.	neutral
four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.	children are eating cereal.	neutral
four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.	children are sleeping.	contradiction
four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.	children are eating.	entailment
a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.	a woman is climbing a mountain.	contradiction
a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.	a woman is skiing.	entailment
a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.	a woman is skiing down a hill in colorado.	neutral
the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.	a guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie.	neutral
the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.	a person with a dark top is outside doing something active.	entailment
the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.	two men are pointing guns at each other on a dusty trail.	contradiction
a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.	a princess in white dress was there in crowd	neutral
a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.	people were chasing the white dressed angel	contradiction
a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.	nobody seen her when the angel came on earth	contradiction
a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.	lady with matching pink bag and blouse reaches toward man next to her.	entailment
a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.	lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her.	neutral
a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.	lady in red storms out of a cafe.	contradiction
a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle.	a tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera	neutral
a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle.	a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera	entailment
a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle.	a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera	contradiction
sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.	there are dogs.	entailment
sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.	the dogs are sitting still.	contradiction
sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.	there are two groups of dogs, some are loose.	entailment
two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform.	two men wrestle in uniform.	entailment
two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform.	two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast.	contradiction
two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform.	two men wrestle in national competition.	neutral
a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite.	students are inside of a movie theater	contradiction
a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite.	students are inside of a museum	entailment
a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite.	a teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip	neutral
blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture.	there are twelve police cars in the photo.	contradiction
blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture.	the six people are all police.	neutral
blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture.	there are two police vehicles in the photo.	entailment
a group of swimmers jump into a pool.	a group of swimmers are jumping into water.	entailment
a group of swimmers jump into a pool.	a group of swimmers are sitting on an airplane on the way to their swimming competition.	contradiction
a group of swimmers jump into a pool.	a group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet.	neutral
a man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.	a man standing with his purchases of the day.	neutral
a man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.	a man in a white turban holds an empty basket.	contradiction
the person is fishing, with waves splashing around him.	the person is sitting at home watching television.	contradiction
the person is fishing, with waves splashing around him.	there are lots of fish landing on the person's line today.	neutral
two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.	two boys in bed.	entailment
two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.	two children sleeping in a bedroom.	neutral
two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.	children playing in the park.	contradiction
three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.	three women play the drums	contradiction
three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.	three brothers pound on some drums	neutral
three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.	three men pound on some drums	entailment
two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.	two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic	neutral
two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.	two men in workers gear are on a large ship with machinery	entailment
two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.	two men are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat	contradiction
a brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other.	a lady is eating sushi at her desk.	contradiction
a brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other.	a lady just exited starbucks.	neutral
fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.	there are fans drinking beer at a sporting event.	neutral
fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.	the fans are wearing blue and red for a sporting event.	contradiction
fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.	there are fans at a sporting event.	entailment
a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.	the chef is dicing fish with his knife.	entailment
a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.	the chef is at home, fast asleep.	contradiction
a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.	the chef is preparing sushi.	neutral
a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.	the crowd is a mob	neutral
a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.	a crwod is cheering	entailment
a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.	the crowd is on planet mars	contradiction
a female guitarist is playing on stage.	the woman is doing a solo piece at church.	neutral
a female guitarist is playing on stage.	a woman is playing her instrument.	entailment
a female guitarist is playing on stage.	the woman is playing the piano on the stage.	contradiction
a man scales a rock climbing wall.	a man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death.	neutral
a man scales a rock climbing wall.	a man rock climbing.	entailment
a man scales a rock climbing wall.	a man reading a book.	contradiction
a family with young children sits down outside.	a man and wife sit outside with their children.	neutral
a family with young children sits down outside.	there is a family sitting outside with their children.	entailment
a family with young children sits down outside.	a father is walking the dog with his children.	contradiction
two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.	two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone	entailment
two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.	two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone	neutral
construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.	the bridge is wood	entailment
construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.	the men are nervous	neutral
construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.	the bridge is metal	contradiction
a woman getting her face painted for a parade.	the woman is on a float	neutral
a woman getting her face painted for a parade.	the woman has make-up on her body	entailment
a woman getting her face painted for a parade.	the woman is surfing	contradiction
three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	one of the men is actually sasquatch.	contradiction
three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	the three men are wealthy businessman who own the company's whose logos they are standing in front of.	neutral
three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	there are three men sitting at a poker table.	contradiction
three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	three men are celebrating a business achievement.	neutral
three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.	three men are dressed in suits.	entailment
two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night.	the officers are actually security guards.	contradiction
two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night.	the mall cops patrol a store.	contradiction
two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night.	a couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot.	entailment
a man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby.	a man is outdoors	neutral
a person doing a trick on a snowboard.	a snowboarder is performing tricks.	entailment
a person doing a trick on a snowboard.	a person is ice skating.	contradiction
a person doing a trick on a snowboard.	a pro snowboarder is competing in the olympics.	neutral
a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.	the snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi.	contradiction
a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.	the snowboarder is grinding a rail.	entailment
a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.	a snowboarder is practicing a new trick.	neutral
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.	the child is sitting on a bed.	contradiction
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.	a child is playing outside on a jungle gym.	entailment
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.	a barefoot child has shoes nearby.	neutral
a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.	a mother and daughter are chatting.	neutral
a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.	the females are sitting.	entailment
a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.	the women are standing and frowning.	contradiction
a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.	people are surrounded by flowers.	entailment
a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.	people are moving a sofa.	contradiction
a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.	people are picking flowers.	neutral
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags.	a young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones.	contradiction
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags.	a young girl celebrates the 4th of july by holding two flags.	neutral
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 female humans who are moving.	entailment
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	a group of girls and women are laughing as they cross the road.	neutral
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	four male humans crossing the road.	contradiction
a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures.	there are a group of people	entailment
a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures.	the group is on vacation	neutral
a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures.	the group is at home	contradiction
a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress.	the man is sitting on the curb with a woman.	contradiction
a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress.	a man on the steps is being photographed by a girl.	entailment
a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress.	the woman is taking the man's photo for a magazine.	neutral
a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store.	people are looking inside	contradiction
a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store.	people are looking outside	entailment
a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store.	the crowd is all men	neutral
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	the boy is asleep.	contradiction
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	the boy is outdoors.	neutral
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens.	the boy is playing with toys.	entailment
man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.	the man in the yellow jacket is having fun.	neutral
man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.	the man is outside.	entailment
man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.	the man is sitting on a chair in his house.	contradiction
a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.	the woman is wearing a bathing suit.	contradiction
a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.	the woman is doing laundry.	neutral
a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.	the woman is wearing a dress.	entailment
the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee.	two dogs sleep in a dog bed.	contradiction
the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee.	two dogs are playing catch at the park.	neutral
the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee.	two dogs are playing together.	entailment
there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.	treasure hunters flock to an estate sale, with a lot of antique furniture for sale.	neutral
there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.	people are indoors.	entailment
there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.	a happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park.	contradiction
four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.	four men and a young boy are at the lake swimming.	contradiction
four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.	the group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts.	neutral
four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.	five total people are near a table with objects on it.	entailment
a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.	a woman is doing laundry.	entailment
a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.	nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat.	contradiction
a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.	a woman is folding her pants at the laundromat.	neutral
the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.	two bears are looking at each other with mouths open.	entailment
the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.	five foxes are looking at each other.	contradiction
the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.	two bears are facing each other in the woods with their mouths open.	neutral
a man leads the way in a race.	the man is last place in the race.	contradiction
a man leads the way in a race.	the man is running a marathon.	neutral
a man leads the way in a race.	the man is currently competing.	entailment
the children play in the pool.	the children are in the water.	entailment
the children play in the pool.	the children are playing marco polo.	neutral
the children play in the pool.	the children are studying fractions inside the classroom.	contradiction
a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar.	the rider is in the air.	entailment
a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar.	a motocross rider performs a trick during a competition.	neutral
a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar.	a girl rides a scooter through the grass.	contradiction
a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing.	the man in playing a bango inside a bar.	contradiction
a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing.	the man has a great singing voice.	neutral
a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing.	a man is playing a guitar outside.	entailment
a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	a man asleep on his snowboard.	contradiction
a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	a guy riding a skateboard.	entailment
a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark	a guy riding a skateboard in the rain.	neutral
a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.	a person is driving in front of other people.	entailment
a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.	a race car driver is doing laps in front of other people.	contradiction
a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.	a biker is getting ready to race against his opponents.	neutral
some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.	the old man is playing the guitar.	neutral
some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.	a group of old people are outdoors playing music.	entailment
some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.	the old people are sleeping in the living room.	contradiction
a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	a happy kid and some flowers.	neutral
a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	a kid and some flowers.	entailment
a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.	an old person in a field of poppies.	contradiction
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth open.	entailment
dog yawns	a yawning dog is tired and sleepy.	neutral
dog yawns	a dog is singing the national anthem.	contradiction
a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.	a boy is playing with a firetruck.	contradiction
a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.	a girl is holding a bib.	entailment
a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.	a girl just finished eating.	neutral
a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats.	people are at a nascar race	contradiction
a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats.	people are boarding and disembarking some boats	entailment
a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats.	people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour	neutral
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit.	people waiting for their grandmother to let them in a home.	neutral
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit.	people waiting in line at a fast food restaurant.	contradiction
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit.	people standing outside of a house.	entailment
a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.	the dog is red	contradiction
a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.	the dog is large	entailment
a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.	the dog is happy	contradiction
a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	someone was trying to take a shortcut home.	contradiction
a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	a scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building.	contradiction
a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.	a bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence.	entailment
a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.	the man brought his horse to the office.	contradiction
a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.	the man works in the office.	neutral
a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.	the man is in an office.	entailment
a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.	the male is playing in a tournament.	neutral
a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.	the male has at least one prosthetic leg.	entailment
a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.	the male is playing soccer.	contradiction
a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.	a man skates outside.	entailment
a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.	a man yawns and stretches, tired from a day of work.	contradiction
two women in tank tops are drinking.	two women in tank tops drinking	entailment
two women in tank tops are drinking.	two topless women are making out.	contradiction
two women in tank tops are drinking.	two women are on vacation getting drunk.	neutral
a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	a group of people doesn't care about the stadium they are sitting in.	entailment
a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	a group of people are excited to be here.	contradiction
a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.	a group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium.	neutral
an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background.	nobody has a hat	contradiction
an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background.	a tall person with a hat	neutral
an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background.	a person with a hat	entailment
a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard.	the young men are working outside.	entailment
a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard.	the young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court.	neutral
a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard.	the young men laze about on the beach, sunning themselves in the afternoon sun.	contradiction
two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.	two fishermen are emptying their catch from a barrel.	neutral
two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.	a man and woman are emptying the barrel.	contradiction
two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.	two men are emptying a barrel.	entailment
a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert.	a woman cuts eggplant.	contradiction
a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert.	a man approaches a woman's house on business.	neutral
a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert.	a man looks mysterious.	entailment
man sits at the doorway of barber shop.	a man is seated	entailment
man sits at the doorway of barber shop.	the man is a barber	neutral
man sits at the doorway of barber shop.	the man is standing in the roof	contradiction
a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.	an old man rides a skateboard.	contradiction
a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.	a person rides a skateboard well.	neutral
a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.	a person rides a skateboard.	entailment
a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.	he is getting dizzy.	neutral
a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.	he is outside.	neutral
a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.	he can carry the tunnel home.	contradiction
cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.	enjoy the town on foot or by bike.	neutral
cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.	local robbers escape after stealing an otter	contradiction
cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.	bike rental as low as 9.99 an hour.	neutral
a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.	the man and the boy are buying shoes.	contradiction
a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.	the little boy and the man sit behind the car's steering wheel.	entailment
a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.	the man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars.	neutral
three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them.	three men are holding hands.	entailment
three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them.	three men are performing a ritual.	neutral
three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them.	three men are fighting.	contradiction
a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	the flautist plays a lullaby.	neutral
a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	the country road has a walker wearing green.	entailment
a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute	a gil runs down the road with her cat.	contradiction
a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.	they are about to plan a score.	neutral
a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.	they are huddled together because they are working together.	neutral
a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.	the group of athletes all can breathe underwater.	contradiction
a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.	the runner is posing for a picture.	entailment
a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.	the runner just got first place.	neutral
a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.	the runner has no friends.	contradiction
a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.	a nurse taking the temperature of a woman.	contradiction
a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.	a woman in the doctors office.	entailment
a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.	a woman getting her annual check up.	neutral
a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	the surface of the earth is visible.	entailment
a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	the sun is at its highest point of the day.	contradiction
a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.	the faces of the people are visible	neutral
two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice.	the female ice skaters are competing in a tournament.	neutral
two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice.	two female synchronized swimmers are in the pool.	contradiction
two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice.	two females holding each other.	entailment
a white man taking a photo in front of water.	a man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond.	neutral
a white man taking a photo in front of water.	a man is using the restroom.	contradiction
a white man taking a photo in front of water.	a man is in front of water.	entailment
a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch.	there is one man in this picture, and he is outside.	entailment
a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch.	the man is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before.	neutral
a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch.	the man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree.	contradiction
a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.	the sky is blue with a single puffy cloud.	entailment
a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.	the man is sitting down.	contradiction
a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.	the man is doing a trick on his skis.	neutral
picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background.	people are making music together.	entailment
picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background.	a man is playing the trumpet on the street corner.	contradiction
picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background.	a band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub.	neutral
adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side.	some children are looking	entailment
adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side.	some children are looking while some ladies stand	entailment
adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side.	some children are sleeping	contradiction
very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.	the water sprays on the boy.	neutral
very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.	the young boy is standing inside.	contradiction
very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.	the boy is standing near a water fountain.	entailment
the white dog runs across the snow.	the dog was indoors by the fire.	contradiction
the white dog runs across the snow.	the dog is outside.	entailment
the white dog runs across the snow.	the dog was a husky.	neutral
man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels	nobody is dancing.	contradiction
man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels	dancing is going on a room.	entailment
man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels	dancing is going on in a big room.	neutral
two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch.	two cars are parked in a garage not moving.	contradiction
two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch.	the red and blue cars are racing for the finish line.	entailment
two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch.	two cars are racing.	entailment
a man in military uniform points as three other men watch.	the man is training some guys	neutral
a man in military uniform points as three other men watch.	the man is at the supermarket.	contradiction
a man in military uniform points as three other men watch.	the man is wearing green	neutral
a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association.	superman single handedly cures the disease	contradiction
a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association.	a group shows up to an event to support research on parkinsons	neutral
a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association.	they show up to donate and support for the fight against the disease	neutral
a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.	the person is riding there bike to lunch.	neutral
a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.	there is a person with a green backpack.	entailment
a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.	the person is walking.	contradiction
a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.	a woman talking to a stranger.	neutral
a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.	a woman talking to someone.	entailment
a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.	a woman dancing in the street.	contradiction
a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash.	some people are outside kneeling.	entailment
a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash.	a group of people holding cats take a picture.	contradiction
a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash.	a group of people are part of a dog lover's group.	neutral
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.	a woman cuts herself.	contradiction
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.	a man races on a four wheeler in a charity event.	neutral
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.	a man racing on a dirt track.	entailment
a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.	a blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it.	contradiction
a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.	a woman is helping her friend take a picture.	neutral
a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.	a woman is looking at a camera.	entailment
using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.	a child is playing in the park.	entailment
using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.	a girl is inside playing a board game.	contradiction
using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.	a boy is playing with other children.	neutral
a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister.	a boy is playing with a ball.	contradiction
a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister.	a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister who he loves.	neutral
a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister.	a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister.	entailment
the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.	a player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat, while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball.	contradiction
the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.	two people are playing ball.	entailment
the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.	the player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym.	neutral
two men are playing during a basketball game.	two men are playing.	entailment
two men are playing during a basketball game.	two men are fighting each other to the death.	contradiction
two men are playing during a basketball game.	two men are playing during a college basketball game.	neutral
two little white dogs running.	a few dogs are running to their owner.	neutral
two little white dogs running.	a dog is sitting in a car.	contradiction
two little white dogs running.	two dogs are moving.	entailment
women enjoying a game of table tennis.	women are playing ping pong.	entailment
women enjoying a game of table tennis.	one woman really sucks at playing ping pong.	neutral
women enjoying a game of table tennis.	women are reading books.	contradiction
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last day of work	neutral
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at night	entailment
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	workers are blinded by the sun	contradiction
an elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market.	this woman is on a shopping trip.	entailment
an elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market.	a young girl is blowing bubbles.	contradiction
soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it.	the sun was shining during the soccer match.	contradiction
soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it.	the soccer game is being played at night.	entailment
soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it.	the opposing team is winning the evening soccer match.	neutral
a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.	a man by a full shopping cart.	entailment
a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.	a clean shaven man with an empty blue shopping cart.	contradiction
a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.	a homeless man with a shopping cart.	neutral
a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	a sad woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	neutral
a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	a man wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	contradiction
a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	a person wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.	entailment
people standing with their bicycles.	the people are taking a break from riding their bikes.	neutral
people standing with their bicycles.	people are sitting on their unicycles.	contradiction
people standing with their bicycles.	the bicycles are besides the people.	entailment
a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event.	two men standing together are dressed up.	entailment
a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event.	the two men are at a wedding.	neutral
a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event.	the two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops.	contradiction
a man draws a caricature of a woman.	a man painting a car.	contradiction
a man draws a caricature of a woman.	a man drawing.	entailment
a man draws a caricature of a woman.	a man drawing a caricature of his wife.	neutral
many roller derby players skating around the rink.	roller derby players laying down after the match.	contradiction
many roller derby players skating around the rink.	roller derby players skating around the rink at practice.	neutral
many roller derby players skating around the rink.	roller derby players skating around the rink.	entailment
people, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match.	fierce competition in the roller derby women's final match ensues.	neutral
people, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match.	there is a roller derby match involving women.	entailment
the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	a rollerskater behind the pack.	neutral
the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	a rollerskater pulling away from the pack.	entailment
the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.	a skater ahead of the competition in a race.	entailment
a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.	the man is eating chocolate ice cream.	neutral
a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.	the man is eating sushi in his bathtub.	contradiction
a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.	the man is outdoors.	entailment
a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.	there is an older man teaching his grandson how to play golf.	neutral
a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.	there are people of differing ages outside playing golf.	entailment
a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.	there are two men boxing at a crowded gym.	contradiction
workers are removing ice from a walkway.	workers having a coffee break	contradiction
workers are removing ice from a walkway.	workers removing ice from a walkway in front of a school	neutral
workers are removing ice from a walkway.	workers outside on a slippery walkway	entailment
two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.	some asian women are walking in the field of rice.	neutral
two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.	the old asian women are chasing each other.	contradiction
two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.	two asian women are wearing hats.	neutral
two men spar in martial arts gear.	there is only one person present.	contradiction
two men spar in martial arts gear.	they are wearing all black gear.	neutral
two men spar in martial arts gear.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
people standing at a beach with cameras.	people standing at a beach being filmed by cameras.	neutral
people standing at a beach with cameras.	a group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras.	neutral
people standing at a beach with cameras.	people sitting on top of a deck near a beach.	contradiction
a man and woman setup a camera.	a man and woman prepare to record a scene	neutral
a man and woman setup a camera.	a man and woman working on a washing machine	contradiction
a man and woman setup a camera.	two people setup a device	entailment
two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.	two children are looking at a city street through binoculars.	contradiction
two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.	two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street.	entailment
two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.	two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street.	neutral
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals	entailment
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the people are together	neutral
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the people are on a bike	contradiction
a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.	a young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation.	neutral
a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.	there is one child in this picture.	entailment
a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.	a young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park.	contradiction
a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter.	the woman who is shown lives in the south.	neutral
a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter.	everybody visible is dressed extremely formally.	contradiction
a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter.	something alcoholic is visible.	entailment
a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant.	a man stands by some boxes near a dumpster.	contradiction
a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant.	a man stands near a load of boxes on fire.	contradiction
a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant.	a man stands by boxes.	entailment
a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street.	the man is wearing nothing but a t shirt.	contradiction
a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street.	the man just went shopping at the grocery store.	neutral
a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street.	the man is wearing a jacket.	entailment
a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.	a group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium.	neutral
a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.	a woman yells while a groups of people gathers.	entailment
a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.	a protest is assembling.	neutral
lot of people are gathered in front of a building.	people stand outside of the building, awaiting the all clear after a fire drill.	neutral
lot of people are gathered in front of a building.	people gather in front of a building.	entailment
lot of people are gathered in front of a building.	people walk back inside the building.	contradiction
an medical worker examines a young girl.	a health worker is evaluating a girl.	entailment
an medical worker examines a young girl.	a health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy.	contradiction
an medical worker examines a young girl.	a health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness.	neutral
a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.	someone pours water into a bottle	entailment
a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.	a girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle	neutral
a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.	a girl pours water into the ocean	contradiction
men are playing rugby while covered in mud.	there is mud on the rugby players.	entailment
men are playing rugby while covered in mud.	the men are perfectly free of mud.	contradiction
men are playing rugby while covered in mud.	it rained recently.	neutral
a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.	a woman holds an axe.	entailment
a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.	a man holds a sword.	contradiction
a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.	a woman holds a metal axe.	neutral
a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.	the man is fixing a bike.	contradiction
a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.	the roofer is outside working.	entailment
a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.	the roofer is putting on shingles.	neutral
a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.	a man sits on the floor	contradiction
a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.	a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a  wood floor	entailment
a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.	a man jumps high	entailment
man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.	a man is jumping.	entailment
man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.	a man is walking down the street.	contradiction
man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.	a man is performing in front of a crowd.	neutral
asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	women selling fruits	entailment
asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	black women on the  beach	contradiction
asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	asian women at a market	entailment
women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.	it is raining outside.	neutral
women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.	the fresh food market is closed.	contradiction
women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.	the umbrellas are open.	entailment
construction worker looking over the job site.	construction worker at work	entailment
construction worker looking over the job site.	this worker is in charge of everyone	neutral
construction worker looking over the job site.	the worker is building a base on mars	contradiction
a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.	the basketball player on the white team makes the basket.	contradiction
a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.	a basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it.	entailment
a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.	three men are playing cards at starbucks.	contradiction
two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.	two people are outdoors.	entailment
two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.	the diver is swimming up to the water surface.	contradiction
two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.	two people are out looking for a good camping spot.	neutral
woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.	the woman reading book in the hall	neutral
woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.	the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling	entailment
woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.	the woman holding book with smiling in the home	neutral
a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.	the woman is frowning.	contradiction
a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.	the young girl is wearing a red shirt.	entailment
a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.	the girl is smiling because she is having fun.	neutral
a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.	they are girls there too	contradiction
a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.	the child was happy`	contradiction
a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.	two girls were ther	contradiction
a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.	a man is painting a wall.	entailment
a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.	a man is scrubbing graffiti off the wall.	contradiction
a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.	a shirtless man paints a wall red.	neutral
a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.	the man is riding on the sidewalk.	neutral
a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.	the man is riding fast down a trail.	entailment
a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.	he is heading to the cabin down the trail.	neutral
a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose.	two men bellydance	contradiction
a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose.	someone dances while a man holds a paddle	entailment
a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose.	a guy paddles for his wife	neutral
asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing.	asians spot what they think is a ufo and take pictures.	neutral
asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing.	asians play soccer in the park.	contradiction
asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing.	asians take pictures.	entailment
a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate.	a group of friends watches a movie inside.	contradiction
a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate.	a group stands on the street in front of a brick wall.	entailment
a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate.	a group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall.	neutral
a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	the person is stealing display boards.	neutral
a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	a man is buying a lottery ticket.	contradiction
a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.	the man is pushing a cart down the road.	entailment
a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.	a nascar is being watched.	neutral
a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.	a racecar is being watched.	entailment
a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.	there are no cars at the racetrack today.	contradiction
a man and a woman running in the street.	the man and woman are running in a marathon.	neutral
a man and a woman running in the street.	the man and woman are outdoors.	entailment
a man and a woman running in the street.	the man and woman are walking.	contradiction
a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.	the woman is sitting.	entailment
a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.	nobody is reading a book.	contradiction
a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.	the woman is in a library.	neutral
a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	a woman is reading.	contradiction
a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	a scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention.	entailment
a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.	a woman standing near a microscope.	neutral
a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	the town is totally dark.	contradiction
a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	there are lights in the town.	entailment
a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.	the town has snow on the ground.	neutral
a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.	the pants are long.	entailment
a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.	the pants are new.	neutral
a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.	the town is well-populated.	contradiction
a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.	a person at the movies	contradiction
a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.	a student studying for a big exam	neutral
a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.	a person with a book	entailment
a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.	someone has taken a photo.	entailment
a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.	there is a photo of mt everest.	neutral
a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.	the photo was taken on a cloudy night.	contradiction
young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits.	young boy has many toy trucks	neutral
young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits.	young boy sits inside	contradiction
young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits.	young boy plays outside	entailment
a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side.	the man is wearing the costume.	entailment
a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side.	the costume is green.	contradiction
a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side.	the costume is promoting the man's work.	neutral
a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.	the person is moving her hand.	entailment
a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.	the person is alone in the middle of the ocean.	contradiction
a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.	the person is marching in a parade.	neutral
three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.	men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line.	neutral
three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.	men walk their bikes after getting flat tires.	contradiction
three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.	men on bikes go over a sand hill.	entailment
a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.	a couple enjoying some alone time.	neutral
a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.	a couple are having a photoshoot.	entailment
a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.	a couple are having their wedding picture taken.	neutral
four men are posing behind a cash register.	the men all know each other.	neutral
four men are posing behind a cash register.	two men are posing.	contradiction
four men are posing behind a cash register.	four men are posing.	entailment
an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	an asian woman is dancing.	entailment
an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	an asian woman is dancing sexily.	neutral
an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	an asian man is dancing.	contradiction
a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.	a dog is playing outside.	entailment
a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.	a dog returns a toy to its owner.	neutral
a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.	a white dog stole a toy.	contradiction
a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.	a boy is pretending to be a cowboy.	neutral
a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.	a boy rides a horse.	entailment
a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.	a boy is sleeping.	contradiction
a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.	a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show.	contradiction
a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.	a man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater.	neutral
a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats.	a man is standing.	entailment
a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats.	a man is sitting on a dock.	contradiction
a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats.	a man with brown hair is standing on a dock.	neutral
a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.	a man is raising his arm to get someones attention.	neutral
a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.	the man has a two boomboxes on his shoulders.	contradiction
a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.	a man is raising his arm.	entailment
a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.	a man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him.	contradiction
a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.	a motorcycle and a van ride next to each other.	entailment
a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.	a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance.	neutral
a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.	the burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour.	neutral
a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.	the burning blue building smells of smoke	entailment
a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.	the red truck is a fire truck.	neutral
two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.	two belly dancers perform	entailment
two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.	two dancers are making money	neutral
two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.	two men are walking	contradiction
a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean.	a woman is a good surfer.	neutral
a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean.	a woman is surfing in her pool.	contradiction
a woman looks at a plate filled with steam.	the woman is out shopping at the mall.	contradiction
a woman looks at a plate filled with steam.	the woman is cooking something exciting.	neutral
a woman looks at a plate filled with steam.	the woman is in a kitchen.	neutral
a group of children in african clothing.	a person in clothing	entailment
a group of children in african clothing.	some humans in green clothing	neutral
a group of children in african clothing.	nobody is here.	contradiction
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty.	neutral
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a football player gets ready to throw the ball.	contradiction
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball.	entailment
a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.	a man is walking on sunshine.	contradiction
a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.	a man is digging the snow outside.	entailment
a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.	a man is trying to get to something by digging.	neutral
two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football.	two people play flag football.	entailment
two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football.	two people play baseball.	contradiction
two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football.	two people on oposite teams play flag football.	entailment
a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.	two people are playing flag football at the park.	neutral
a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.	two people are playing flag football.	entailment
a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.	two people are enjoying ice cream.	contradiction
indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.	it is morning.	contradiction
indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.	the musicians are care free.	neutral
indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.	musicians are passionate about music.	neutral
a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.	the group is in a classroom.	neutral
a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.	the group of people is outside playing basketball.	contradiction
a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.	some people have questions.	neutral
a group of people are walking by a van.	some people outdoors.	entailment
a group of people are walking by a van.	people getting ready to enter a vehicle.	neutral
a group of people are walking by a van.	some men driving down a road.	contradiction
a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.	a child is about to hit the panda with a stick.	contradiction
a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.	a child is crying because he didn't get cake	contradiction
female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.	the female is wearing a ponytail	entailment
female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.	the man has long hair	contradiction
female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.	the female is wearing her hair up	entailment
a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.	a man sips whisky	neutral
a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.	two women sit in a cafe	contradiction
a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.	a guy with a hat sits with a glass	entailment
a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.	a woman holds her baby.	neutral
a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.	a person is watching tv.	neutral
a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.	a woman is dressed.	entailment
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument	a dog is playing drums.	contradiction
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument	a man and woman collect money for playing.	neutral
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument	a man and woman make music.	entailment
two young musicians play from a stage.	the stage is empty	contradiction
two young musicians play from a stage.	the two musicians are playing the trumpet	neutral
two young musicians play from a stage.	two people on a stage	entailment
a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background.	there are people outside	entailment
a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background.	the people are on a family picnic.	neutral
a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background.	the people are swimming in the lake.	contradiction
a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	there is a girl holding a beer bottle.	entailment
a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	a girl with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle	contradiction
a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	the girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle.	neutral
mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.	the mother and daughter are meeting.	entailment
mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.	the mother and daughter are meeting over lunch.	neutral
mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.	the mother and daughter are fighitn.	contradiction
a team of surgeons operate on a female patient.	the surgeons are operating on a male patient.	contradiction
a team of surgeons operate on a female patient.	the woman has cancer.	neutral
a team of surgeons operate on a female patient.	the surgeons are operating.	entailment
the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	kids share a drink.	contradiction
the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	a boy denies his sister a drink.	entailment
the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road.	kids don't share water.	entailment
a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.	there's a lady with ginger hair	entailment
a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.	the lady is jumping up and down	contradiction
a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.	a lady is sitting at a table outside	neutral
several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.	people are mourning at a funeral.	contradiction
several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.	people are celebrating with music and costumes.	entailment
several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.	the people are celebrating new years eve.	neutral
three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.	a small group of men clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach.	entailment
three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.	three young people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together.	neutral
three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.	three guys are sitting at a picnic table the beach while admiring the sunny day.	contradiction
man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance.	couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple.	neutral
man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance.	couples rowing on surfboards.	entailment
man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance.	couple going fishing.	contradiction
a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.	the child slides into the pool.	entailment
a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.	the kid is playing at the waterpark.	neutral
a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.	the kid is riding a bike.	contradiction
an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.	the girl sold some cookies.	contradiction
an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.	an old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars.	entailment
an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.	a man is on his bike with a laundry hamper.	entailment
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen.	an old woman is in a kitchen.	entailment
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen.	an old woman is baking.	entailment
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen.	an old woman is frying chicken.	contradiction
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.	there is a boy in a tree.	contradiction
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.	there is a girl outdoors.	entailment
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.	the girl is playing hide and seek.	neutral
a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.	a man sits near a table with his drinks	neutral
a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.	a woman sits on a table	contradiction
a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.	a man sits outside by a table	entailment
a team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.	a grounds crew maintain a park.	entailment
a team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.	a baseball player slides into home plate.	contradiction
a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game.	men are playing basketball.	contradiction
a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game.	kids are playing soccer.	entailment
a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game.	some children are playing soccer by a school.	neutral
there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.	two kiled men hold bagpipes	contradiction
there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.	two men are friends	neutral
there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.	two woman are dancing	contradiction
a high school band getting ready to perform.	a high school band eating spaghetti on pluto.	contradiction
a high school band getting ready to perform.	a high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd.	entailment
a high school band getting ready to perform.	a high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance.	entailment
a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.	a woman is on a rooftop.	entailment
a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.	a woman is enjoying the outside weather	neutral
a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.	a fat blonde is eating a hot dog	contradiction
children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play.	children are playing.	entailment
children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play.	children are body slamming each other.	contradiction
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	a man is standing by himself, playing guitar on the sidewalk.	contradiction
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	the people are waiting for their performance to start.	neutral
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	people are standing on stage.	entailment
five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.	the audience watches as the actors in the dim haze, ready their lines for the first scene.	neutral
five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.	at a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist.	neutral
five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.	in a dim room, several actors who can barely see each other, are getting ready to act.	entailment
a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball.	a man plays tennis.	entailment
a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball.	chewie does the limbo.	contradiction
a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball.	someone takes a swing at a ball.	entailment
a man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow.	a man is trekking through the snow with ski poles.	entailment
a man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow.	a camper with ski poles walks towards his campground.	neutral
a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.	a hockey goalie earns his keep	neutral
a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.	a soccer player guards the goal	contradiction
a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.	a person playing a sport	entailment
a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street.	a woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed.	contradiction
a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street.	a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window.	neutral
a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street.	a woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass.	entailment
people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk.	nobody is looking	contradiction
people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk.	tall humans looking.	neutral
people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk.	some humans looking	entailment
it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.	a man holds a big flag.	neutral
it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.	a man holds a flag.	entailment
it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.	a man hugs his mother and leaves for war.	contradiction
two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.	two dirt bike riders are outside	neutral
two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.	two guys are driving buses	contradiction
two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.	two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks	neutral
a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.	a snowbaorder performs a trick jump.	entailment
a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.	a downhill skier competes in a race.	contradiction
a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.	a snowboarder lands a trick during a competition.	neutral
two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.	two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other.	neutral
two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.	two friends eat pizza at a diner.	contradiction
two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.	two women with cotton candy smile.	entailment
two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.	two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside.	entailment
two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.	two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road.	neutral
two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.	two people playing chess at a park.	contradiction
a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road.	a man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle.	neutral
a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road.	a man is walking on the sidewalk.	contradiction
a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road.	a man is riding a motorcyle.	entailment
two people play horseshoes.	sally was riding her horse.	contradiction
two people play horseshoes.	tom and sue were playing horseshoes.	neutral
two people play horseshoes.	tom and sue were playing outside.	neutral
the people await to cross the street while walking the dog.	people are at a busy intersection	neutral
the people await to cross the street while walking the dog.	people are with a dog	entailment
the people await to cross the street while walking the dog.	people are at home watching tv	contradiction
a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.	the camera is being thrown by the girl	contradiction
a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.	a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt	neutral
a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.	a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants	entailment
a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment.	two men are composing together.	neutral
a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment.	two men are near audio equipment.	entailment
a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment.	two men play chess together.	contradiction
bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street.	there are bubbles around the statue.	entailment
bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street.	the statue was standing in the garage.	contradiction
bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street.	a statue is in the middle of the street.	entailment
two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california.	tall people standing	neutral
two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california.	everybody is sitting	contradiction
two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california.	some people standing	entailment
one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building.	one person kneels before zod in the oval office.	contradiction
one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building.	one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke.	neutral
one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building.	one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket..	entailment
a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.	they have a work meeting	neutral
a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.	two people drive a boat	contradiction
a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.	people sit around a table	entailment
a man visiting a friend in the hospital.	a man and a patient in a hospital room.	entailment
a man visiting a friend in the hospital.	a man in a hospital receives a visiting friend.	entailment
a man visiting a friend in the hospital.	a man sits on a hospital roof.	contradiction
an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike.	the man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade.	neutral
an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike.	an old man rides a bike.	entailment
an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike.	the man is dancing under the stars.	contradiction
a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.	a guy rides past the park.	entailment
a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.	a guy rides his bike in the middle of a park.	contradiction
a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.	a guy misses the park and passes by it.	neutral
four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments.	the four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band.	neutral
four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments.	the four men are in front of windows.	entailment
four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments.	the four men are playing hockey.	contradiction
an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.	a man takes his daughter out for ice cream.	contradiction
an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.	there is a person outside.	entailment
an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.	an adventurous man navigates through the jungle, searching for a rare babboon.	neutral
children are playing outside in a fountain.	some children throw stones into a fountain.	neutral
children are playing outside in a fountain.	some children sit and read in a library.	contradiction
children are playing outside in a fountain.	some children a outside playing near the water.	neutral
stick figures in the middle of the street.	a picture of the ocean	contradiction
stick figures in the middle of the street.	a drawing of a street	contradiction
stick figures in the middle of the street.	a painting of a stick figure	neutral
cook handling hot tray with food on it.	cook prepares food	entailment
cook handling hot tray with food on it.	man preparing meal for wife	neutral
cook handling hot tray with food on it.	girl eats cotton candy	contradiction
a boy rides his skateboard at the park.	a girl rides his skateboard at the park.	contradiction
a boy rides his skateboard at the park.	a child rides his skateboard at the park.	entailment
a boy rides his skateboard at the park.	a sad boy rides his skateboard at the park.	neutral
five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.	there is snow outside.	neutral
five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.	they are wearing swimsuits.	contradiction
five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.	there are a few girls present.	entailment
a dog is running in the waves at the beach.	an animal is running outside.	entailment
a dog is running in the waves at the beach.	the dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf.	neutral
a dog is running in the waves at the beach.	the pet is laying on the couch.	contradiction
a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance.	the middle-aged woman is outdoors.	entailment
a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance.	the middle-aged woman is heading home.	neutral
a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance.	the middle aged woman is at home knitting.	contradiction
two little girls reading a book at the library.	the girls are in a library.	entailment
two little girls reading a book at the library.	the girls are at the swimming pool.	contradiction
two little girls reading a book at the library.	the girls are sisters.	neutral
a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside.	his face is painted to look like a tiger.	neutral
a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside.	the kid is laying in a pool.	contradiction
a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside.	a kid has a painted face.	entailment
a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	a man in black takes a picture of a fountain.	neutral
a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	a bird steals a bag of chips from a store.	contradiction
a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd	a photographer dressed in black takes a picture.	entailment
a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing.	the woman is outside.	entailment
a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing.	the woman is eating dinner at a restaurant.	contradiction
a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing.	the woman posing is a famous model.	neutral
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows.	a girl is making scrambled eggs.	contradiction
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows.	a brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees.	entailment
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows.	a woman is painting.	entailment
a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet.	a human wearing glasses	entailment
a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet.	a tall human wearing glasses	neutral
a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet.	nobody has sunglasses	contradiction
a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.	a cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky.	neutral
a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.	a cyclist dressed in black and white points.	entailment
a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.	a cyclist dressed in black and white eats cheese.	contradiction
a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.	a man is sleeping.	contradiction
a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.	a young man is at the bowling alley.	entailment
a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.	a young man is bowling.	neutral
a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola.	a crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items.	neutral
a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola.	a snowy mountain in the rockies.	contradiction
a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola.	a market is selling soft drinks in an arabic country.	entailment
a group of women playing volleyball indoors.	people are inside.	entailment
a group of women playing volleyball indoors.	people are outside tossing a ball.	contradiction
a group of women playing volleyball indoors.	awoman serves the volleyball.	neutral
a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	a man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	contradiction
a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	a woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera.	entailment
a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	a woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.	neutral
two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background.	two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates.	entailment
two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background.	two roller derby competitors are near their teammates and a referee.	entailment
two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background.	two people sleep in a hotel room.	contradiction
two girls playing basketball.	the girl threw the basketball.	neutral
two girls playing basketball.	girls are playing basketball.	entailment
two girls playing basketball.	the men are playing basketball.	contradiction
a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.	world series game 3 is being played	neutral
a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.	there are people outdoors	neutral
a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.	there are a group of people hiking mt fiji.	contradiction
a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.	a band is playing a cover song.	neutral
a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.	a band is playing a concert.	entailment
a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.	the band is backstage.	contradiction
a man is installing a roof.	a man is on top of a building.	entailment
a man is installing a roof.	a man is putting a roof on a beach house.	neutral
a man is installing a roof.	a man is on his couch watching tv.	contradiction
children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.	children are swimming in cold water.	neutral
children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.	children are swimming.	entailment
children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.	old people are swimming.	contradiction
a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth.	a man is riding on top of a camel.	contradiction
a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth.	a guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments.	entailment
a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth.	the street performer takes a break.	neutral
a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street.	the man and woman are going to a movie in the city.	neutral
a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street.	a woman dances with a man in a busy club.	contradiction
a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street.	a man and woman walk down a city street.	entailment
women in blue dress singing on stage.	a woman is singing for the first time.	neutral
women in blue dress singing on stage.	a woman is singing on stage.	entailment
women in blue dress singing on stage.	a man is singing on stage.	contradiction
a man sits at a table in a room.	a man sits and waits for someone.	neutral
a man sits at a table in a room.	a woman sits.	contradiction
a man sits at a table in a room.	a man sits.	entailment
a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.	the man breaks his skateboard	contradiction
a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.	a man has a skateboard	entailment
a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.	the man has a colorful skateboard	neutral
a mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.	the car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go.	neutral
a mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.	the motorcycle pulled over because it was out of fuel.	contradiction
a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.	a cow chews grass	contradiction
a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.	a wife and husband perform	neutral
a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.	a man plays guitar	entailment
a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.	there is a dog in the foreground	contradiction
a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.	a man is taking pictures	entailment
a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.	there are people in a house taking pictures	neutral
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors.	entailment
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing on a boat.	contradiction
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is falling off his bike.	neutral
a group of young people performing on a stage.	a group of people are watching an empty stage.	contradiction
a group of young people performing on a stage.	a group of people are on stage.	entailment
a group of young people performing on a stage.	a group of people are singing and dancing on stage for people.	neutral
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	a brown dog dancing out of a orange and yellow tunnel.	contradiction
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	a stray dog walking out of the subway tunnel.	neutral
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	a brown dog walking out of a tunnel.	entailment
three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.	they are about to go upstairs.	neutral
three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.	they are going up the stairs.	neutral
three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.	five people are standing by a staircase.	entailment
the man is in the middle of a pole vault	the man is concentrating.	neutral
the man is in the middle of a pole vault	the man is walking in the zoo.	contradiction
the man is in the middle of a pole vault	the man is pole vaulting.	entailment
a dog is on the beach near a ball.	a cat is playing at the park.	contradiction
a dog is on the beach near a ball.	a dog is on the beach.	entailment
a dog is on the beach near a ball.	a dog is playing ball with his owner.	neutral
a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.	a man in a black t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain.	contradiction
a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.	people in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb.	entailment
a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.	a man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace.	neutral
a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants.	a man watering a bonsai tree.	contradiction
a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants.	a man watering plants.	entailment
a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants.	a man watering his neighbors plants.	neutral
a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.	a boy is attending a club meeting.	contradiction
a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.	a guy is cheering near some children.	entailment
a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.	a lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest.	neutral
a girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter.	a girl is petting her dog.	contradiction
a girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter.	a girl is showing affection towards a cat.	entailment
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone.	contradiction
a man playing a piano	a man is playing a black piano.	neutral
a man playing a piano	the man's hands are on the keys of a piano.	entailment
little girl posing for a picture.	the boy is posing for a picture.	contradiction
little girl posing for a picture.	the child is posing for the photographer.	entailment
little girl posing for a picture.	the child is getting her school pictures taken.	neutral
a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.	a man plays a piano.	entailment
a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.	a man plays the clarinet for his family.	contradiction
a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.	a man plays a piano for his family.	neutral
a couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.	the couple is celebrating an important event.	neutral
a couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.	the couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera.	contradiction
fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.	the man is studying quietly in the house.	contradiction
fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.	the fireworks were shot into the sky.	entailment
fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.	the man is throwing a concert outside	neutral
a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.	a boy is dancing for his friends.	contradiction
a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.	a boy is wearing a jacket.	entailment
a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.	a boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class.	neutral
two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with "crusher" written on them in the middle of a body of water.	two men sit on a couch.	contradiction
two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with "crusher" written on them in the middle of a body of water.	the two men are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a tough workweek.	neutral
two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with "crusher" written on them in the middle of a body of water.	two men sit on innertubes in the middle of a body of water.	entailment
two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway.	two men are being lazy.	contradiction
two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway.	two men are doing hard labor.	entailment
two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway.	the tiles are very colorful.	neutral
a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.	the large audience is standing and cheering.	contradiction
a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.	the large audience is watching an award ceremony.	neutral
a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.	a large audience is seated inside together.	entailment
a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd.	a man rests on his friends after a championship fight.	neutral
a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd.	a man is running away from police.	contradiction
a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd.	a man is touching other people in a crowd.	entailment
dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.	a dog is running.	entailment
dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.	a dog is sitting on a table.	contradiction
dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.	a dog is excited.	neutral
an older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street.	two boys are talking in the middle of a street.	entailment
an older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street.	an older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street.	neutral
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.	a man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench.	neutral
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.	a man is waiting for a bus in iraq.	neutral
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.	a man is waiting for a bus on mars.	contradiction
a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.	two men are in a car.	entailment
a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.	two men are sitting on the grass next to a car.	contradiction
a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.	the men hope the container won't fly off the roof.	neutral
a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other.	a group of people are playing baseball.	contradiction
a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other.	a group of friends are visiting an art exhibit.	neutral
a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other.	many people are having a conversation.	entailment
a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place.	a person with glasses	entailment
a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place.	nobody has glasses on	contradiction
a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place.	a tall person with glasses	neutral
a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.	a group of friends sit at a table talking to each other.	contradiction
a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.	the people are walking down the street.	entailment
a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.	a group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party.	neutral
a dog jumping into the air.	a dog is swimming.	contradiction
a dog jumping into the air.	there is an animal jumping.	entailment
a dog jumping into the air.	a puppy leaps for a frisbee.	neutral
several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor.	the people are eating ice cream at dairy queen.	contradiction
several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor.	there are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local barnes and noble.	neutral
several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor.	there are people looking at books.	entailment
a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors.	two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july	neutral
a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors.	two people ride a lawn mower outside	entailment
a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors.	two men cut grass by hand	contradiction
shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut.	a man without a shirt is on the water.	entailment
shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut.	a man without a shirt is on a river.	neutral
four african boys playing soccer.	some boys are in the play ground	contradiction
four african boys playing soccer.	some kids are watching soccer	contradiction
four african boys playing soccer.	some boys are running behind a ball	entailment
a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water.	the couple is married.	neutral
a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water.	the couple is standing next to a cake.	contradiction
a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water.	the couple is sitting near water.	entailment
the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.	the players and referee are getting ready to start the match.	neutral
the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.	the referee and players are getting ready to face-off.	entailment
the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.	the dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey match.	contradiction
a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks.	a woman is running in a park.	contradiction
a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks.	a woman is walking down a busy street in tokyo.	neutral
a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks.	a woman is walking down a busy street.	entailment
a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.	the woman is white	contradiction
a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.	a man in green shirt	entailment
a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.	a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with light blue ropes.	neutral
a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.	a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes.	entailment
a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.	a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with white ropes.	contradiction
one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.	a girl drinks a soda on the street	entailment
one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.	a girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people	neutral
one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.	a girl drinks a soda while sleeping	contradiction
two young ladies walking down the street together.	the two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in.	neutral
two young ladies walking down the street together.	there are two woman in this picture, and they are both outside.	entailment
two young ladies walking down the street together.	the two woman are sisters, and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street.	neutral
the indian's are performing a sacred dance.	the indians are building sand castles.	contradiction
the indian's are performing a sacred dance.	the indians hope there sacred dance will bring rain.	neutral
the indian's are performing a sacred dance.	the people are dancing.	entailment
three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments.	the people are working at an office.	contradiction
three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments.	the people are playing at a festival.	neutral
three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments.	the people are in costume and playing music.	entailment
everyone is getting ready to play the game.	a group of people watch a movie.	contradiction
everyone is getting ready to play the game.	people prepare to play games.	entailment
everyone is getting ready to play the game.	people place their piece on a monopoly board.	neutral
two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube.	two girls on a tube.	entailment
two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube.	two girls wearing blue sit on a couch.	contradiction
two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube.	two girls playing on a tube.	entailment
a family smiling on the couch.	people are on a couch	entailment
a family smiling on the couch.	a family is playing out in their backyard.	contradiction
a family smiling on the couch.	a family is sitting on a couch watching tv.	neutral
a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.	they are walking on top of trees.	contradiction
a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.	they pass eachother.	entailment
a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.	they know each other.	neutral
a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.	there is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope	contradiction
a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.	there is a man holding a rop	entailment
a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.	there is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors	neutral
two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.	they are boyfriends.	neutral
two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.	they are not looking in the same direction.	entailment
two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.	neither is holding anything.	contradiction
two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river.	two girls at a camp.	neutral
two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river.	two girls sleeping on a couch.	contradiction
two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river.	two girls on a boat.	entailment
two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.	two scuba divers are running a marathon.	contradiction
two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.	two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine.	neutral
two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.	two scuba divers are underwater.	entailment
nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.	the nurses are discussing a patient.	neutral
nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.	the nurses are eating lunch.	contradiction
nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.	the people work in the medical field.	entailment
a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.	a female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll.	contradiction
a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.	a gymnast is in mid air.	neutral
a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.	a female gymnast is competing at the olympics.	neutral
people in motion down a city sidewalk.	people are walking to an event.	neutral
people in motion down a city sidewalk.	people walk down a sidewalk.	entailment
people in motion down a city sidewalk.	people are flying down a sidewalk.	neutral
a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair.	the two men are brothers.	neutral
a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair.	there is only one person present.	contradiction
a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man.	a man is crying at a co-worker's funeral.	contradiction
a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man.	a man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients.	neutral
a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man.	a guy is cutting another man's hair.	entailment
one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	men are gazing.	neutral
one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	men are lamenting the fact that their team lost.	neutral
one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.	women look different directions.	contradiction
police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.	police are sitting at the station eating donuts and talking on the phone.	contradiction
police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.	people in uniform are working near a fire.	neutral
police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.	police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene.	neutral
a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	a dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	contradiction
a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	a man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	neutral
a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.	a person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background.	entailment
two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them.	the children are playing together.	entailment
two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them.	the children don't have any energy today.	contradiction
two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them.	two little boys are pretending they are climbing a large mountain.	neutral
a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	the black and white dogs are playing.	contradiction
a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	the dogs are fighting.	entailment
a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room.	the fighting dogs are outside.	contradiction
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.	the person is trying to be sneaky.	neutral
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.	the person is hard to see.	entailment
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.	the person is a vampire avoiding the sun.	contradiction
a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.	a woman sits beside the escalator.	contradiction
a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.	a woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event.	neutral
a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.	a woman walks to an escalator.	entailment
asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes.	a group of adults are waiting for an event.	neutral
asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes.	asian women are sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes.	asian people sitting next to each other.	entailment
a smiling man is holding up a gavel.	the man is holding an object.	entailment
a smiling man is holding up a gavel.	the man is a judge.	neutral
a smiling man is holding up a gavel.	the man is crying.	contradiction
a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.	a man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard.	contradiction
a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.	a person is in a classroom teaching.	entailment
a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.	a man is holding a book about fossils, standing in front of a chalkboard.	neutral
a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone.	the woman is using her cellphone.	entailment
a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone.	the woman is playing a game on her cellphone.	neutral
a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone.	the woman is walking her cat.	contradiction
while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.	a man putts while his group talks to each other.	neutral
while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.	three men talk while their fourth takes a shot.	entailment
while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.	four guys go bowling at the lanes.	contradiction
a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.	a group of gymnasts performing.	contradiction
a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.	they are going fast.	neutral
a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.	a group of cyclists racing.	entailment
women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.	people are gathered on a sunny day at the beach.	neutral
women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.	people are gathered by the water.	entailment
women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.	women and men sing indoors.	contradiction
a motorist gets some air over a rough hill.	a motorist is riding his bike in a competition.	neutral
a motorist gets some air over a rough hill.	a motorist has stalled.	contradiction
a motorist gets some air over a rough hill.	a motorist is riding his bike.	entailment
a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.	the person is riding a motorcycle	entailment
a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.	the person is sleeping.	contradiction
a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.	the motorcyclist is in the air	entailment
many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.	the people are women	neutral
many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.	some people standing	neutral
many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.	the people are running through fire	contradiction
the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.	the child is athletic.	neutral
the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.	the child is upside down.	entailment
the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.	there is an adult upside down.	contradiction
a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.	there is a man in a green shirt.	contradiction
a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.	there is a man that is good at music.	neutral
a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.	there is a man wearing a pink shirt.	entailment
two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.	two men argue with each other.	contradiction
two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.	two men reading the paper on their break.	neutral
two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.	two men read the paper.	entailment
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street.	a family of cats resting	contradiction
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street.	three dogs together	entailment
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street.	a family of dogs cruises down the street	neutral
a boy whiffs a ball with a bat.	the boy is swinging a bat.	entailment
a boy whiffs a ball with a bat.	the boy is swinging a golf club.	contradiction
a boy whiffs a ball with a bat.	the boy is playing baseball.	neutral
a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him.	the bat is aluminum	neutral
a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him.	the man is sleeping	contradiction
a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him.	the man is swinging	entailment
a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it.	a man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle.	neutral
a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it.	a man is wearing a white sport jersey in his cubicle.	contradiction
a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it.	a big sports fan is working inside his cubicle.	neutral
a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.	a clad in denim person works is working on a bridge outdoors.	entailment
a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.	the man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling.	contradiction
a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.	the man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music.	neutral
a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.	the man is near food.	entailment
a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.	the man has black hair.	neutral
a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.	the man is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground.	contradiction
a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence.	someone is sawing.	entailment
a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence.	somebody is wearing work gloves.	neutral
a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence.	nobody is working.	contradiction
some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.	people wait to get on a double decker bus at night.	entailment
some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.	friends wait to get on the bus at night.	neutral
some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.	people wait to get on a boat at night.	contradiction
people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.	people are in line.	entailment
people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.	people are surfing in the ocean.	contradiction
people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.	german tourists are waiting in line to board a bus.	neutral
an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.	a rooster near a vendor hoping for food	neutral
an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.	a rooster on the farm	contradiction
an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.	a rooster near a vendor	entailment
a man looking out of his window.	a man enjoys the sun coming through the window.	neutral
a man looking out of his window.	a man looks out his window.	entailment
a man looking out of his window.	a man takes a nap in the dark room.	contradiction
a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.	the boy is not in a pool.	contradiction
a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.	the boy is in swimming clothes.	neutral
a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.	the water in the pool is being splashed.	entailment
a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.	a boy is playing in the swimming pool.	entailment
a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.	a boy is playing in his new swimming pool.	neutral
a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.	a boy is splashing others at the beach.	contradiction
a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.	a tall person is walking	neutral
a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.	a person is walking	entailment
a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.	everybody is sitting	contradiction
a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.	the baby is smiling	entailment
a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.	the baby is crying.	contradiction
a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.	the baby is eating.	neutral
a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.	an bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day.	entailment
a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.	a professional bike rider performing tricks.	neutral
a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.	cyclists competing in the tour de france.	contradiction
a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.	a science teacher demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his young student takes notes.	neutral
a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.	a man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl.	contradiction
a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.	two people are in the same area.	entailment
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it.	a child plays with two brooms outside	entailment
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it.	a child plays outside next to a christmas tree	neutral
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it.	a child cuts down a christmas tree	contradiction
two people sitting on the sand.	the people are standing.	contradiction
two people sitting on the sand.	there are two people sitting down.	entailment
two people sitting on the sand.	there are two people at the beach.	neutral
a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room.	the man appears to be suspended in midair.	entailment
a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room.	the man is wearing a red shirt.	contradiction
a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room.	the man is cleaning his clothes.	neutral
a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open.	neutral
a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	a woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	entailment
a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.	the woman is standing with her hand over her mouth.	contradiction
two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them.	six men are seated at the back of a city bus.	contradiction
two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them.	six men dressed in black and yellow uniforms are standing in a gymnasium.	entailment
two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.	band members packing their things into a tour bus.	contradiction
two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.	band performing a song on stage.	entailment
two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.	the band members are playing in a dimly lit room.	neutral
a man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera.	the boy was listening	contradiction
a man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera.	the child was 18 years old	contradiction
in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp.	a man riding a bike and eating cotton candy.	contradiction
in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp.	a man in a swamp.	entailment
in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp.	a man hunting crocodiles	neutral
a group of soldiers march in a parade.	a group of people march in a parade.	entailment
a group of soldiers march in a parade.	a group of dogs march in a parade.	contradiction
a group of soldiers march in a parade.	a group of sad soldiers march in a parade.	neutral
a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.	a boy sits in front of stones.	entailment
a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.	a boy lights a grill in order to make some hamburgers.	contradiction
a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.	a boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner.	neutral
a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.	woman resting her head on husband shoulder	neutral
a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.	woman resting her head on man's shoulder	entailment
a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.	woman baking cake for her husband	contradiction
a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv.	the man owns the rv.	neutral
a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv.	the man is standing.	entailment
a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv.	the man is inside his rv.	contradiction
two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival.	the two teens were doing homework at home.	contradiction
two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival.	the two young teens tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the big bear.	neutral
two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival.	two humans are outdoors.	entailment
two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine.	the men are older.	entailment
two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine.	the men are both wearing glasses.	contradiction
two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine.	the men are trying to fix a car.	neutral
two little boys are standing in a kitchen.	they are going to get something to eat.	neutral
two little boys are standing in a kitchen.	the kitchen is not empty.	entailment
two little boys are standing in a kitchen.	the boys are climbing a tree.	contradiction
a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it.	a dog eats his food	contradiction
a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it.	a child likes the dress	neutral
a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it.	a child holds a dress	entailment
a man laughing while at a restaurant.	a man laughing.	entailment
a man laughing while at a restaurant.	a man crying while at a restaurant.	contradiction
a man laughing while at a restaurant.	a man laughing while at a restaurant eating.	neutral
people sitting on benches in a public area.	there are people standing by benches in public.	contradiction
people sitting on benches in a public area.	there are people sitting on benches outdoors.	entailment
people sitting on benches in a public area.	there are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other.	neutral
a group of women around a table to fabric.	the women are break dancing at the club.	contradiction
a group of women around a table to fabric.	there is a table.	entailment
a group of women around a table to fabric.	the women are sorority sisters.	neutral
a man is giving a presentation.	a man gives presentation	entailment
a man is giving a presentation.	the man is a farmer	neutral
a man is giving a presentation.	the man is not talking	contradiction
a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope	the boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky.	neutral
a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope	a boy scout is making a campfire.	contradiction
a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope	there is a boy and a telescope.	entailment
an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.	a woman is sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.	a man is smoking a cigar.	neutral
an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.	a man is smoking on a street.	entailment
a man touching a hanging strand of lamps.	a man is reaching out to a strand of lamps.	entailment
a man touching a hanging strand of lamps.	a man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets.	contradiction
a man touching a hanging strand of lamps.	a man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps.	neutral
in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.	the children are doing schoolwork on the black boards	neutral
in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.	the children are putting out a fire nearby	contradiction
in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.	the children are outdoors	entailment
a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top.	the woman is wearing a red top.	contradiction
a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top.	the woman is the man's wife.	neutral
a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top.	two people are next to each other.	entailment
a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	the choir is doing a christmas program.	neutral
a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	the choir are taking in a ball game.	contradiction
a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.	the choir is singing.	entailment
a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass.	a person walks a way from a dirt circle	entailment
a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass.	a person jumps	contradiction
a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass.	a person walks away	entailment
a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.	people are riding bikes in both directions on a road.	entailment
a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.	the road is in china.	neutral
a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.	bumper to bumper automobile traffic clogs the street.	contradiction
a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses.	the man is in a prison cell	contradiction
a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses.	the man is outdoors	entailment
a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses.	the man is fishing in the lake.	contradiction
a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.	a young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops.	entailment
a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.	a young woman is on a shopping trip.	neutral
a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.	a young woman is eating in a fine restaurant.	contradiction
a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area.	the boy and girl are inside	contradiction
a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area.	the boy and girl are playing together	entailment
a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area.	the boy and girl are outside	entailment
a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.	a young man working in the snow.	neutral
a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.	a man working in the snow.	entailment
a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.	a young woman working in the snow.	contradiction
children playing a video game together.	the kids are at the table eating dinner.	contradiction
children playing a video game together.	the children are having fun together.	neutral
children playing a video game together.	the kids are indoors playing a video game.	entailment
there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball.	two children fight over the remote.	contradiction
there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball.	children play in the snow.	entailment
there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball.	two brothers have a snowball fight.	neutral
a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.	a man is repairing a car.	neutral
a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.	a man reaches into a car.	entailment
a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.	a man reaches into a boat.	contradiction
people walking along the beach on a sunny day.	the beach is empty because of a hurricane.	contradiction
people walking along the beach on a sunny day.	a married couple and their kids walk along the beach.	neutral
a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus.	a dog is driving the bus.	contradiction
a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus.	a group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops.	entailment
a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus.	the people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus.	neutral
two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship.	the workers are on break.	neutral
two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship.	the workers are close to the water.	neutral
two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship.	the workers are mute.	contradiction
two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset.	people are swimming in ocean water	contradiction
two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset.	two people paddle their boat on the ocean	entailment
two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset.	two people paddles a canoe on the ocean	entailment
a group of boys playing street soccer.	a group of boys are sitting down.	contradiction
a group of boys playing street soccer.	a team is playing street soccer.	neutral
a group of boys playing street soccer.	a group of boys are playing soccer in the street.	entailment
a rally in a different country.	a big rally in a different country.	neutral
a rally in a different country.	a carnival in a different country.	contradiction
a rally in a different country.	a rally in a seperate country.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch.	a tall person in shirt	neutral
a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch.	a person in a shirt	entailment
a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch.	nobody has a shirt	contradiction
woman reading a book with a grocery tote.	a woman is dancing.	contradiction
woman reading a book with a grocery tote.	a woman is reading.	entailment
woman reading a book with a grocery tote.	a woman is holding a book.	entailment
a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth.	the man is in a heavy metal band.	neutral
a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth.	the man is playing the trombone.	contradiction
a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth.	the man is holding an instrument.	entailment
a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.	the child is getting wet from the fountain.	neutral
a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.	the child has a green shirt.	contradiction
a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.	the child is at play.	entailment
a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	the man is kneeling down.	neutral
a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	the man's head is partially obscured.	neutral
a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.	the man is working underneath a vehicle.	contradiction
a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by.	a man is posing	entailment
a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by.	the man is a model	neutral
a man is playing with his skateboard on a street.	a man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital.	contradiction
a man is playing with his skateboard on a street.	a man is able to use his legs.	entailment
a man is playing with his skateboard on a street.	a man is outside.	entailment
a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.	two people are going to a hockey game	contradiction
a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.	a couple is getting married	entailment
a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.	a man and woman are getting eloped	neutral
someone splashing in the water.	the woman splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river.	neutral
someone splashing in the water.	someone is having a picnic near the lake.	contradiction
someone splashing in the water.	a person is splashing in water.	entailment
two person are walking on the streets.	the two people are talking about the weather.	neutral
two person are walking on the streets.	the two people re sitting inside.	contradiction
two person are walking on the streets.	the to people are walking.	entailment
a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods.	a boy in orange runs through a local mall.	contradiction
a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods.	a boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike.	neutral
a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods.	a boy in orange rides his dirt bike.	entailment
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants	cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway.	neutral
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants	people re riding bicycles	entailment
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants	three people are riding horses across a course.	contradiction
man straining to climb cliff face.	man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face.	neutral
man straining to climb cliff face.	man climbing a cliff.	entailment
a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	a woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment	neutral
a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	a woman walks through a crowd	entailment
a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.	the crowd walks around a woman	neutral
a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.	the woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium.	neutral
a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.	there are people giving a speech at the fair.	neutral
a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.	two people are standing beside each other.	neutral
a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away.	two clowns attack a lion.	contradiction
a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away.	a man is looking at the camera for a photo with his arm around a lady who is looking away.	entailment
a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away.	the man is looking at the camera.	entailment
a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.	there are boys and girls standing next to a table	contradiction
a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.	there are boys and girls sitting at a table	entailment
a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.	there are boys and girls sitting at a table playing games	neutral
a man with his arm around a woman.	the woman and man are smiling.	neutral
a man with his arm around a woman.	two men are hugging.	contradiction
a man with his arm around a woman.	a man is with a woman.	entailment
two men are sitting on a couch.	a couple of men a seated on a couch.	entailment
two men are sitting on a couch.	two men are watching tv on a couch.	neutral
two men are sitting on a couch.	two men are standing outside.	contradiction
a young man holding a microphone and singing.	a woman is riding a bike outside.	contradiction
a young man holding a microphone and singing.	a young man is doing karaoke in a bar.	neutral
a young man holding a microphone and singing.	a man is performing a song.	entailment
a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.	the dog is white and gray.	contradiction
a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.	the dog's nose itches.	neutral
a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.	the dog is outside.	entailment
a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers.	the chef is eating fried chicken.	contradiction
a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers.	he knows a lot about tomatos.	neutral
a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers.	he likes to cook.	neutral
a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.	a person is trimming a tree.	neutral
a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.	a person is messing with a tree.	entailment
a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.	a worker falls out of a tree.	neutral
a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear.	henry ford admiring his assembly lines.	contradiction
a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear.	a casually dressed man admiring an antique car.	entailment
a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear.	a restored car being inspected by a potential buyer.	neutral
a dog chasing a duck in a pond.	a dog and a duck are outside.	entailment
a dog chasing a duck in a pond.	a dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck.	entailment
a dog chasing a duck in a pond.	a dog is sitting for his owner.	contradiction
two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.	two men standing outdoors.	entailment
two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.	two men standing in front of a wall looking for trouble.	neutral
two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.	a group of girls getting ready for a party.	contradiction
two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.	the men are partners	neutral
two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.	two men are discussing	entailment
two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.	the men are asleep in the motel	contradiction
a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.	the girll is playing a game.	neutral
a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.	the girl is throwing something.	entailment
a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.	the girl is not throwing anything.	contradiction
a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.	the man is sparring in the gym.	contradiction
a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.	the man speeds along the street.	neutral
a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.	the man is driving.	entailment
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other.	neutral
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	cat and dog fighting on a boat.	contradiction
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging.	entailment
a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.	the children hug in the woods.	entailment
a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.	the little boy is hitting the girl.	neutral
a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.	the little girl is consoling the boy.	neutral
the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder.	the gentleman is speaking to an old lady.	contradiction
the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder.	the young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter.	neutral
the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder.	the gentleman is speaking to a young lady.	entailment
a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.	a person juggles in a kilt.	entailment
a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.	a person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants.	contradiction
a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.	a person juggles balls in a kilt.	neutral
a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.	a man in a shirt juggles.	entailment
a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.	a man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple.	neutral
a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.	a man in a green shirt juggles a bear.	contradiction
am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building.	a clown rides a tall bike in a parade.	neutral
am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building.	a man rides a bike outside.	entailment
am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building.	a dog rides a bicycle down the street.	contradiction
several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.	a party has just ended	neutral
several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.	a group of people fight in their dreams	neutral
several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.	a group of people rest	entailment
a young woman playing hopscotch.	there is a young woman.	entailment
a young woman playing hopscotch.	a girl is sitting in the snow.	contradiction
a young woman playing hopscotch.	a girl is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside.	neutral
a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	a child is playing outside.	entailment
a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	a child is playing on christmas.	neutral
a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	a man is playing in the snow.	contradiction
a musician playing his violin.	the race car driver accelerates around a curve.	contradiction
a musician playing his violin.	the violinist is on stage with other musicians.	neutral
a musician playing his violin.	a person is playing an instrument.	entailment
a little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill.	the boy is walking outside.	entailment
a little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill.	the boy in black and red is walking down the beach.	contradiction
boy in red and black shirt walks through grass.	the boy is going to school.	neutral
boy in red and black shirt walks through grass.	the boy has a green and purple shirt.	contradiction
boy in red and black shirt walks through grass.	the boy is walking.	entailment
a guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal.	a boy is watching a movie in his living room.	contradiction
a guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal.	a man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in venice.	neutral
a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.	a man is homeless.	neutral
a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.	a man is outside.	entailment
a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.	a man is inside.	contradiction
young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.	the little boy is playing video games	contradiction
young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.	he is barefoot.	neutral
young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.	he is outside.	entailment
young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument.	a child is taking a nap.	contradiction
young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument.	a child is asian and american.	neutral
young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument.	a child is asian.	entailment
a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.	a lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope.	entailment
a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.	a lady is looking through a scope at the ocean.	entailment
a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.	the lady laid down for the day.	contradiction
a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea.	a woman has a bright pink jacket.	entailment
a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea.	a woman has a bright white jacket.	contradiction
a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea.	a woman has a bright light pink jacket.	neutral
a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.	four men are watching the storage unit.	entailment
a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.	four men are eating a meal.	contradiction
a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.	four men are making sure that the man in the storage unit stays put.	neutral
a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.	there are women singing.	entailment
a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.	some women are knitting at the cafe.	contradiction
a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.	a group of women sing on stage at the concert.	neutral
an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading.	woman rollerblading	entailment
an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading.	woman going to park	neutral
an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading.	boy eats sandwich	contradiction
there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.	there is a little girl taking a nap.	contradiction
there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.	there are several people, one has a cap on.	entailment
there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.	there are many people attending a baseball game.	neutral
two dogs in a grassy field.	two dogs are playing outside.	neutral
two dogs in a grassy field.	two dogs are on a sandy beach.	contradiction
two dogs in a grassy field.	two dogs are outside.	entailment
a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.	some people are throwing a surprise birthday party.	neutral
a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.	some people are throwing a party.	neutral
a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.	some people are happy to be throwing a party.	contradiction
three friends are talking.	three people have their mouths full of food.	contradiction
three friends are talking.	three people have drinks in their hand.	neutral
three friends are talking.	three people are hanging out.	entailment
a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.	a woman is dancing.	contradiction
a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.	a man is wearing a white shirt.	entailment
a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.	a man is shopping.	neutral
a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls.	a boy in a coat	entailment
a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls.	the boy is fifteen	neutral
a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls.	the boy is flying a plane	contradiction
a dog carries an object in the snow.	a dog is carrying a stick in the snow.	neutral
a dog carries an object in the snow.	a dog is asleep in its dog house.	contradiction
a dog carries an object in the snow.	a dog in the snow is carrying some object.	entailment
two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.	two dogs are walking throught a gate.	contradiction
two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.	a family is walking through a gate.	neutral
two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.	people are walking through a gate.	entailment
little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice.	a girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger.	contradiction
little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice.	a girl is ingesting liquid.	entailment
little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice.	a girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw.	neutral
a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.	the people are at a play.	contradiction
a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.	the audience is listening to the concert in the dark.	entailment
a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.	the concert is being held at night.	neutral
two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.	two boys jump.	entailment
two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.	two boys sit down.	contradiction
two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.	two boys jump with excitement.	neutral
children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.	the children can all swim.	neutral
children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.	the children are in a very deep pool.	contradiction
a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set.	a boy and a girl are cooking breakfast.	contradiction
a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set.	a brother and sister are playing on a swing set.	neutral
a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set.	two children are playing on a swing set.	entailment
two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left.	there are professional riders at a ceremony.	neutral
two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left.	the men are driving their motorcycles.	contradiction
two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left.	two people are on some animals.	entailment
a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.	clown entertains people at a birthday party.	neutral
a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.	man throws knives at unsuspecting people.	contradiction
a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.	man performs a juggling act on a unicycle.	entailment
two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary.	two old men talk at a family reunion.	neutral
two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary.	the two men are talking.	entailment
two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary.	a man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner.	contradiction
a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard.	people share a conversation.	entailment
a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard.	two men row a boat out to sea.	contradiction
a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard.	the man is perplexed by the events.	neutral
a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.	someone is in a field.	contradiction
a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.	someone is in a bar.	neutral
a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.	someone is inside.	entailment
three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.	animals are in a tub.	entailment
three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.	three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet.	neutral
three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.	three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire.	contradiction
two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.	a couple of people are at the end of the dock.	entailment
two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.	men fishing from a long wooden dock.	neutral
two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.	women looking at the lake from the dock.	neutral
a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.	a man prepares to give a speech for a television audience.	neutral
a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.	a man is enjoying a cigar at a party.	contradiction
a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.	the man is wearing a button up shirt.	entailment
a speaker is talking with a tv in the background.	there is a live bear in the background.	neutral
a speaker is talking with a tv in the background.	the tv volume is turned on low.	neutral
a speaker is talking with a tv in the background.	a speaker is talking.	entailment
a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.	two men lie on tables in the morgue.	contradiction
a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.	there are some people on a road.	entailment
a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.	one man shows the ransom money to the other.	neutral
the man is taking a picture of the beach.	the man is inside	contradiction
the man is taking a picture of the beach.	the man is outdoors	entailment
the man is taking a picture of the beach.	the man is a photographer	neutral
in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.	the man and woman are cooperating.	neutral
in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.	both of them are illiterate.	contradiction
in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.	they are in college.	neutral
lady in black skirt is getting excited.	a lady is sad after the tragedy.	contradiction
lady in black skirt is getting excited.	a lady is excited.	entailment
lady in black skirt is getting excited.	a lady is excited after winning a contest.	neutral
a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.	a naked man drinks a soda in the dark.	contradiction
a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.	a man sings a love song to the audience.	neutral
a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.	a man performs under a light.	entailment
two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.	a father and son hold a chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up.	neutral
two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.	a man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them.	contradiction
two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.	one smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow chinese lantern.	entailment
some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.	multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture.	entailment
some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.	a man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum.	contradiction
two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.	the girl is browsing her phone while another girl watches her.	entailment
two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.	the two girls are at school taking an exam.	contradiction
two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.	the girl is browsing reddit on her phone.	neutral
a man in a black shirt working on a guitar.	a guy working on his drums.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt working on a guitar.	a guy working on his instrument.	entailment
a man in a black shirt working on a guitar.	a guy working on his bass guitar.	neutral
a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.	a man is trimming trees.	entailment
a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.	a man is working in the sun.	neutral
a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.	a woman is working for the phone company.	contradiction
two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.	the girls are cover head to toe.	neutral
two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.	the girls are sitting in front a indoor fireplace	contradiction
two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.	the girls are building a snowman.	neutral
a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.	the couple stood in the snow.	entailment
a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.	the couple stood on the beach together.	contradiction
a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.	the couple stood in the snow together for the photographer.	neutral
three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.	many people load up a taxi	neutral
three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.	the taxi has nothing on it	contradiction
three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.	the people put furniture on the taxi	neutral
a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black.	two girls playing the drums.	contradiction
a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black.	a boy singing.	entailment
a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black.	a woman teaching a boy to sing.	neutral
a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk.	a man and woman dressed as devils are riding bicycles.	contradiction
a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk.	two people are outside.	entailment
a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk.	a couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk.	entailment
a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.	the girl is getting riding lessons.	neutral
a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.	the girl is riding a horse.	entailment
a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.	the girl is walking alongside the horse.	contradiction
a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.	the single man was working on his house	neutral
a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.	a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles	entailment
a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.	the single man was watching tv	contradiction
a large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds.	two white dogs are standing in a snowbank.	contradiction
a large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds.	a big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field.	entailment
a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.	a city of ice sits in the distance.	contradiction
a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.	a hand holds a strainer, a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation.	neutral
a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.	a strainer contains some liquid.	entailment
a blond man playing a guitar.	a man is playing a guitar.	entailment
a blond man playing a guitar.	a well dressed man is playing a guitar.	neutral
a blond man playing a guitar.	a bald man is playing a guitar.	contradiction
four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.	the racetrack is outdoors.	contradiction
four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.	the racetrack is long.	neutral
four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.	there are cyclists racing.	entailment
a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words "sad," "depressed," and "hatred" on a large sheet of white paper.	 a woman in an american green military uniform is smiling.	contradiction
a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words "sad," "depressed," and "hatred" on a large sheet of white paper.	 a woman in an american military uniform.	entailment
a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words "sad," "depressed," and "hatred" on a large sheet of white paper.	a woman is diving off a mountain.	contradiction
a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her.	a woman is writing on a rock	contradiction
a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her.	a woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states	neutral
a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her.	a woman is writing on paper	entailment
a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.	a man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by.	entailment
a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.	a man and a child watched tv.	contradiction
a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.	a man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander.	entailment
two people climb a rock overhanging water.	the two people are racing each other on the rock.	neutral
two people climb a rock overhanging water.	two kids are climbing the rock.	neutral
two people climb a rock overhanging water.	two people are climbing.	entailment
a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock.	the girl is swimming in the river.	contradiction
a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock.	the girl is cooling her feet on a hot day.	neutral
a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock.	a girl is wearing a hat.	entailment
there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it.	three people sit in a paddle boat.	entailment
there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it.	the pond is too shallow for any boating.	contradiction
there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it.	the owners of a house enjoy their pond.	neutral
one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat.	a tall person in a shirt	neutral
one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat.	a person in a shirt	entailment
one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat.	nobody has a shirt on	contradiction
woman is looking something.	a woman is blind.	contradiction
woman is looking something.	a woman is looking	entailment
woman is looking something.	a woman is looking at a man	neutral
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background	a boy is snowboarding in mid air	neutral
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background	a person snowboarding in mid air	entailment
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background	a person is snowboarding behind a football field	contradiction
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat.	a fisherman uses a cell phone to call his wife.	neutral
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat.	a fisherman uses a cellphone.	entailment
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat.	a fisherman is sleeping on his boat.	contradiction
a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun.	a man encouraging children to have fun with one another as they look on.	neutral
a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun.	a father attempting to encorage his children to run around and have fun outside.	neutral
a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun.	a man sitting on a couch with children.	contradiction
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor drives down the parade route	neutral
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor is decorated for a parade	entailment
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a lawnmover is being repaired	contradiction
men play hockey.	aliens play	contradiction
men play hockey.	men play fair	neutral
men play hockey.	men play	entailment
a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.	a dog is outside.	neutral
a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.	a dog is chasing a frisbee.	contradiction
a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.	a dog is jumping.	entailment
a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.	the woman is riding a horse.	entailment
a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.	the woman owns the horse.	neutral
a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.	the horse is being ridden by a man.	contradiction
an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.	a man juggling flaming torches.	contradiction
an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.	a man singing to the crowd.	neutral
an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.	a man in front of an audience.	neutral
a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces.	a girl is play fighting.	entailment
a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces.	the boy is at a boxing match.	contradiction
a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces.	a girl is playing wrestling with a friend.	neutral
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear.	the man protected himself.	entailment
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear.	the dog rolled around in the grass.	contradiction
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear.	he was training a police dog.	neutral
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick	a dog is being trained by a man.	entailment
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick	a blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders.	neutral
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick	a dog is being put down at the vet clinic.	contradiction
a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.	a skier going down the bunny hill.	neutral
a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.	a skier going down a hill.	entailment
a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.	a surfer riding a wave.	contradiction
an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day.	someone who is visible is more than fifteen years old.	entailment
an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day.	every instrument visible is a woodwind.	contradiction
an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day.	the man has been playing the blues.	neutral
a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work.	a city employee inspects construction on a public road.	neutral
a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work.	the man in black is climbing the stairs.	contradiction
a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work.	a person is wearing orange.	entailment
a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park.	a man jogs through the woods.	contradiction
a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park.	a man walking in droney park.	entailment
a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park.	a man walking in droney park on his day off.	neutral
a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.	this bald man stands naked in protest of fur for fashion.	contradiction
a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.	this man has an eyesight deficiency.	neutral
a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.	this elderly man is nearsighted.	neutral
a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.	a man is driving a truck blindfolded.	contradiction
a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.	a man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck.	neutral
a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.	a man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile.	entailment
a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.	a baby looks into a device.	entailment
a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.	a baby is playing with a smartphone.	contradiction
a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.	an infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet jupiter.	neutral
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a dog watches tv.	contradiction
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing outside.	entailment
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing.	entailment
a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.	performers are waiting for a crowd to calm down before they continue their performance	neutral
a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.	two people are on a stage	entailment
a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.	two people are lying on a couch	contradiction
a man in a short mohawk and beard.	there is a man with a ponytail and a mustache.	contradiction
a man in a short mohawk and beard.	the man has a beard and a short mohawk haircut.	entailment
a man in a short mohawk and beard.	a man with a short mohawk and beard stands outside.	entailment
a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt.	the little boy is good friends with the girl.	neutral
a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt.	the little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt.	contradiction
a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt.	a little boy is whispering to a girl.	entailment
a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.	a woman is getting her picture taken near a truck.	entailment
a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.	a woman is getting her maternity pictures taken.	neutral
a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.	a woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle.	contradiction
blond women working wearing gloves.	a woman working with her hands protected from harm.	entailment
blond women working wearing gloves.	a redhead working wearing gloves.	contradiction
blond women working wearing gloves.	a woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries.	neutral
a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.	all vegetation the woman is working with is the same age.	contradiction
a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.	the woman is working with plants.	entailment
a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.	she intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen.	neutral
three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden.	the girls are playing on a street.	contradiction
three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden.	three girls are jumping	entailment
a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	a girl jumps in a grassy field	entailment
a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	a girl jumps in her newly cut lawn	entailment
a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.	a boy jumps in a grassy field	contradiction
a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.	everyone is wearing green clothing.	contradiction
a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.	there are several people wearng red.	entailment
a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.	everyone is riding rollerblades.	neutral
four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court.	a group of women playing basketball in a gym.	contradiction
four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court.	a group of young men looking up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in.	neutral
four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court.	four young men looking up at a basketball hoop.	entailment
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	the ballerina is wearing pink.	neutral
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	the ballerina is outdoors.	contradiction
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.	the ballerina is indoors.	entailment
four kids pose on a stage.	four siblings pose for a photo on a stage.	neutral
four kids pose on a stage.	several little people are breaking into a theater.	contradiction
four kids pose on a stage.	several children are posing on a stage.	entailment
people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.	a puppy is sitting.	contradiction
people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.	a family is diving into the water.	neutral
people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.	people are outside.	entailment
a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.	a boy has and object in his hands.	entailment
a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.	the boy is younger than age ten.	neutral
a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.	the boy is holding a samurai sword.	contradiction
a woman in white climbs up a metal structure.	a woman is being athletic.	entailment
a woman in white climbs up a metal structure.	a woman in a wedding dress is climbing.	neutral
a woman in white climbs up a metal structure.	a woman is asleep.	contradiction
a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.	someone is standing with a bucket on their head.	contradiction
a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.	there is more than one bucket.	entailment
a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.	someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water.	neutral
an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.	a woman is cleaning wood.	entailment
an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.	a woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window.	neutral
an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.	a man is cleaning wood.	contradiction
a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man.	a man sits in front of another man	entailment
a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man.	a man is laying at the bach	contradiction
a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man.	a man is looking at his friend	neutral
older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building.	an older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building	neutral
older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building.	an older man is outdoors	entailment
older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building.	an old man is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee	contradiction
a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.	the man is outdoors.	entailment
a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.	the man is wearing knee pads.	neutral
a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.	the man is walking with his skateboard on the street.	contradiction
a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.	a woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean.	neutral
a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.	a  woman is swimming in her pool.	contradiction
a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.	a woman sits outside on the dock.	entailment
a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	a girl is playing tennis with three other people.	neutral
a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	the girl is swimming.	contradiction
a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	a girl is playing tennis.	entailment
six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.	six people are dressing old school for a play.	neutral
six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.	six people are dressed up.	entailment
six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.	six people are naked.	contradiction
a young male is running while playing tennis against another person.	a man moves while playing a game	neutral
a young male is running while playing tennis against another person.	an old woman sits on a bench.	contradiction
a young male is running while playing tennis against another person.	two people play tennis as one of them runs.	entailment
a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.	a woman browses a market	entailment
a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.	a woman compares prices on eggs at the market	neutral
a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.	a woman with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton	contradiction
two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.	four people are talking to each other outside.	contradiction
two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.	two men and two women are outside having conversations.	entailment
two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.	the two men and women are talking to people that they know.	contradiction
a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.	a lady cleans her feet for a fetish video.	neutral
a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.	a lady is climbing a rope.	contradiction
a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.	a lady in the kitchen cleans her feet.	entailment
a man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.	a military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles	entailment
a man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.	a military man is running inside the line of military vehicle	contradiction
a lit girl splashes around in natural water.	the girl is outside.	neutral
a lit girl splashes around in natural water.	a girl splashes in water.	entailment
a lit girl splashes around in natural water.	the girl is sitting inside.	contradiction
two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.	two men playing soccer.	entailment
two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.	two teams playing soccer, practicing for the olympics.	neutral
two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.	a man crochets.	contradiction
a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills.	two dogs chase a bunny	neutral
a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills.	two dogs run	entailment
a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills.	one cat sleeps	contradiction
two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill.	there are animals outside.	entailment
two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill.	the dogs are chasing a squirrel.	neutral
two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill.	the dogs are eating their food indoors.	contradiction
young people are standing around a drum at a party.	people are playing a drum.	neutral
young people are standing around a drum at a party.	a drum is in a museum.	contradiction
young people are standing around a drum at a party.	a drum has people standing around it.	entailment
a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a "swim at your own risk" sign on the wall.	a man jumps out of a plane	contradiction
a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a "swim at your own risk" sign on the wall.	a person is relaxing on his day off	neutral
a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a "swim at your own risk" sign on the wall.	a person sits in a chair in water	entailment
a white man in a red shirt riding a bike.	a woman wears a shirt on a unicycle.	contradiction
a white man in a red shirt riding a bike.	a guy wears a shirt on a bike.	entailment
a white man in a red shirt riding a bike.	an old guy wears a shirt on a bike.	neutral
several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.	there are several people sitting around a table.	entailment
several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.	several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game.	neutral
several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.	there is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table.	contradiction
a young girl poses with a trophy in the park.	a boy poses with his trophy.	contradiction
a young girl poses with a trophy in the park.	a girl is at the park.	entailment
a young girl poses with a trophy in the park.	a girl poses with her spelling bee trophy.	neutral
two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day.	there are men on the beach.	entailment
two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day.	two men are shirtless.	neutral
two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day.	men are riding bicycles.	contradiction
people at a farmer's market.	the family is near a farmer market.	neutral
people at a farmer's market.	people are at a grocery store.	contradiction
people at a farmer's market.	a crowd is at the farmers market.	entailment
four people enjoying an art exhibit.	four people are at a bar	contradiction
four people enjoying an art exhibit.	fours people are looking at art	entailment
four people enjoying an art exhibit.	four people are trying to see what new painting to buy	neutral
man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon.	a woman cuts celery.	contradiction
man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon.	a man makes something from a balloon.	entailment
man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon.	a clown makes balloon animals.	neutral
this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck.	the guy has bottles on the truck	entailment
this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck.	the guy has bottles on the truck for me	neutral
this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck.	the cat jumps in the water	contradiction
a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.	boy sawing a piece of wood in half.	contradiction
a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.	boy pretending to be a doctor.	entailment
a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.	boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys.	neutral
the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.	the people are in a boat	entailment
the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.	the boat has sunk	contradiction
the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.	the river is wild	neutral
a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain.	a couple eat sandwiches together.	contradiction
a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain.	two people are in front of a fountain.	entailment
a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain.	a young couple is very much in love.	neutral
a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree.	many people are singing carols.	neutral
a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree.	a crowd is celebrating christmas outside of bank of america.	entailment
a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree.	a crowd of people is celebrating easter.	contradiction
a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.	the spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wire.	neutral
a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.	a person is riding their bike through the grocery store.	contradiction
a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.	a person on a bicycle has his bike situated on a wire.	entailment
two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	the man and women are standing by a river.	contradiction
two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	the people are husband and wife.	neutral
two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	the lady is reading.	entailment
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings.	two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building.	neutral
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings.	two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inside a museum.	contradiction
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings.	some people are seated on a bench outside.	entailment
people sitting on stools looking outside.	people look out side the bar they are in.	neutral
people sitting on stools looking outside.	people look outside.	entailment
people sitting on stools looking outside.	people look at a movie screen.	contradiction
a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park.	woman sets bike on fire.	contradiction
a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park.	young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends.	neutral
a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park.	young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park.	entailment
at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city.	people sitting on the floor	contradiction
at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city.	people sitting at a table	entailment
at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city.	people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner	neutral
a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him.	a boy puts on his new sunglasses	neutral
a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him.	a boy puts on some sunglasses	entailment
a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him.	a girl puts on some sunglasses	contradiction
men in an office with computers and a projector screen.	the men are at the gym.	contradiction
men in an office with computers and a projector screen.	there are computers and a projector screen in the room.	entailment
men in an office with computers and a projector screen.	the men are preparing for a presentation.	neutral
two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline.	children play on trampolines outdoors.	entailment
two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline.	two kids are exercising on trampolines.	entailment
two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline.	two kids are building a trampoline from scratch.	contradiction
two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball.	two soccer players go after the ball.	entailment
two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball.	two women compete in a tennis match.	contradiction
two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball.	two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty.	neutral
a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.	the man is the janitor for the building.	neutral
a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.	the man is sweeping the steps.	entailment
a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.	the man has white clothing.	contradiction
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.	people are shopping for watermelons.	neutral
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.	people are shopping.	entailment
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.	people are showering.	contradiction
a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop.	a boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school's game later.	neutral
a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop.	a young male is wearing clothes.	entailment
a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop.	the boy is asleep in bed.	contradiction
a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on.	there is a girl and her father present.	entailment
a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on.	the girl is by herself.	contradiction
a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on.	the girl has a troubled expression.	neutral
taking a break to watch some tv	taking a neverending break	contradiction
taking a break to watch some tv	taking a long break	neutral
taking a break to watch some tv	taking a break	entailment
a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.	a dog goes to the vet.	contradiction
a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.	a dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day.	neutral
a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.	a dog plays in the park.	entailment
a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail.	a boy is carrying something on his shoulder.	entailment
a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail.	a boy is sitting still.	contradiction
a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail.	a boy is walking to the beach.	neutral
a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.	a man is speaking to a crowd.	entailment
a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.	a man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch.	contradiction
a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.	a man is giving a toast at a wedding.	neutral
a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.	two girls play tag in a forest.	contradiction
a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.	a guy walks on a downed tree trunk.	entailment
a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.	a young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree.	entailment
a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine.	a man stands in his room.	contradiction
a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine.	a lumberjack works.	neutral
a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine.	a man walks outdoors.	entailment
a lady is promoting something to the other two girls.	a man is boasting about something at a bar.	contradiction
a lady is promoting something to the other two girls.	a woman is selling jewelry to two girls.	neutral
a lady is promoting something to the other two girls.	a woman is engaging some girls.	entailment
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some kids playing with a jet-ski.	contradiction
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some kids playing with a raft in the lake.	neutral
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some kids playing with a raft.	entailment
a group of asian girls are standing together.	there are boys standing together.	contradiction
a group of asian girls are standing together.	there are many girls standing together.	entailment
a group of asian girls are standing together.	the girls are standing outside.	neutral
a cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill.	a boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends	neutral
a cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill.	don't stock up and have fun with the sled	contradiction
two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.	two girls kiss.	contradiction
two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.	two girls kiss there dad.	neutral
two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.	two girls kiss a man.	entailment
a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly.	a woman looks to her left	entailment
a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly.	a man smiles to his left	contradiction
a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly.	a woman smiles at someone to her left	neutral
a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts.	the man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator.	neutral
a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts.	the man is inside a building.	entailment
a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts.	the man is sitting on table not doing anything.	contradiction
i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.	i am near a lake.	entailment
i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.	i am white water rafting.	contradiction
i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.	i am at the lake with my family.	neutral
a man looking at a woman looking at water.	a woman watches the water.	entailment
a man looking at a woman looking at water.	a woman watches the lake while her child swims.	neutral
a man looking at a woman looking at water.	a man drinks beer.	neutral
lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.	the lab tech is using the microscope.	entailment
lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.	the lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers.	contradiction
lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.	the lab tech is looking at a cell sample.	neutral
coed choir singing at an event.	a large choir is singing.	neutral
coed choir singing at an event.	an all boys choir is singing.	contradiction
coed choir singing at an event.	a choir is singing.	entailment
a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering.	the man is being filmed by another man.	entailment
a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering.	the crowd is very quiet.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering.	the audience is cheering because of the celebrity.	neutral
children receiving places at an award ceremony.	an award ceremony is occurring.	entailment
children receiving places at an award ceremony.	the children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts.	neutral
children receiving places at an award ceremony.	the children are rolling on the floor collecting dust for science.	contradiction
a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.	a woman crosses the street carrying her baby.	entailment
a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.	a woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy.	neutral
a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.	a woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich.	contradiction
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	a man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside.	entailment
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	a man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall.	entailment
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	a man sitting in his car inside his garage.	contradiction
a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt.	a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman	entailment
a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt.	a small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman	neutral
a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.	the girl is driving in the city.	contradiction
a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.	the young girl loves to run.	neutral
a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.	the young girl is outside.	entailment
a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.	it is the child's first time hiking.	neutral
a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.	two people are going for a hike.	entailment
a person is walking a bicycle down a city street.	the bike has a flat tire.	neutral
a person is walking a bicycle down a city street.	the person is swimming.	contradiction
a person is walking a bicycle down a city street.	a person is walking.	entailment
a young man sleeping next to a dog.	a dog has a man sleeping next to it.	entailment
a young man sleeping next to a dog.	a man is sleeping next to his daughters dog.	neutral
a young man sleeping next to a dog.	a boy is playing frisbee out in the grass.	contradiction
a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track.	the crowd of people are watching the horse race.	contradiction
a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track.	the people watch as the soap box car drives by them.	neutral
a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track.	the people are at the race.	entailment
a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.	a boy poses in front of children playing	entailment
a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.	a boy poses in front of his siblings playing	neutral
a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.	a girl poses in front of people	contradiction
a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.	two women are making pancakes.	contradiction
a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.	a girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought.	neutral
a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.	a redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman.	neutral
a group of people celebrate their asian culture.	at a chinese restaurant, a group of people celebrate their asian culture.	neutral
a group of people celebrate their asian culture.	a group of people sit angrily at a table waiting for food.	contradiction
a group of people celebrate their asian culture.	a group of people celebrate.	entailment
a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	a man sits in the hospital.	contradiction
a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	a man rides a motorcycle.	entailment
a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background	a man preforms tricks on a motorcycle.	neutral
two daschunds play with a red ball	two dogs playing together.	entailment
two daschunds play with a red ball	a cat in a litter box.	contradiction
two daschunds play with a red ball	two dogs playing fetch.	neutral
guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	a man in the navy stands on a boat in the cool air.	neutral
guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	a man in the navy is sailing through the water.	neutral
guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.	a man in a uniform is underground.	contradiction
a man standing on a green boat.	the boat is red and white.	contradiction
a man standing on a green boat.	he is going sailing.	neutral
a man standing on a green boat.	he is outside.	neutral
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery.	artists are watching the tv.	contradiction
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery.	people put up new art.	neutral
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery.	people put up new art at the towns local gallery.	entailment
a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her.	a dancer performs	entailment
a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her.	a bear jumps	contradiction
a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her.	someone dances with a ribbon	entailment
the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.	the gymnast cannot finish her exercise.	contradiction
the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.	the gymnast completes her exercise.	entailment
the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.	the gymnast completes her intense exercise.	neutral
two people are riding bicycles next to a building.	two people are riding red bicycles next to a building.	neutral
two people are riding bicycles next to a building.	two people are riding bikes near a building.	entailment
two people are riding bicycles next to a building.	a woman is riding a unicycle past a building.	contradiction
the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.	the soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game.	neutral
the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.	the female basketball team ignored their coach.	contradiction
the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.	a female soccer team is listening to their coach.	entailment
a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.	a person is wearing a bright hat	contradiction
a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.	a person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg	contradiction
a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime.	a person is wearing a dark hat	entailment
a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic.	a woman is talking while a man is reaching for something.	entailment
a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic.	a man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror.	contradiction
a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic.	a man reaches for a cellphone while his companion tells him about her life.	neutral
asian people about to perform animal balloons.	people make balloons	entailment
asian people about to perform animal balloons.	people perform for kids	neutral
asian people about to perform animal balloons.	dog looks at the pond	contradiction
two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.	two girls hating the town.	contradiction
two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.	two girls enjoying a night on the town.	entailment
two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.	two young girls enjoying a night on the town.	neutral
three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it.	there are four people outside.	entailment
three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it.	four sisters play with each other.	neutral
a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket.	a child is getting ready for his junior athletic league tennis tournament.	neutral
a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket.	two women in a bright red sports car, with sunglasses and pink lipstick, laugh and sing songs.	contradiction
a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket.	a child in a colorful outfit, holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surface.	entailment
a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.	a boy is playing with the other children.	neutral
a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.	a boy is playing in the grass.	entailment
a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.	a boy is playing with a squirt gun.	contradiction
a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.	two animals are swimming.	entailment
a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.	a dog and cat are drowning in the pool/	contradiction
a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.	two cats are in the lake.	contradiction
two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.	two women are working.	neutral
two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.	no one is wearing aprons.	contradiction
two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.	two women are running a kitchen.	neutral
woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.	she is hailing a cab.	neutral
woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.	the woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine.	contradiction
woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.	she is outside.	entailment
a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on.	the group of people are swimming in the water.	neutral
a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on.	the group of people are naked.	contradiction
a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on.	they are people in the water with clothes on.	entailment
at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.	two people are painting ceramics	entailment
at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.	two people are paining each others faces	contradiction
at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.	two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest	neutral
there are two people walking in the sand.	the two people walking in the sand are on a date.	neutral
there are two people walking in the sand.	two people walk across the beach.	entailment
there are two people walking in the sand.	there are five people walking in the sand with drums.	contradiction
a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.	the tan dog is being groomed on the table.	neutral
a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.	the boy is walking the dog in the park.	contradiction
a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.	the woman is holding a some clippers in her hand.	neutral
oh yea these suckers cant catch me.	dog running down the street.	neutral
oh yea these suckers cant catch me.	man watching television.	contradiction
there are a group of track runners bracing to take off.	the track runners are all black ethniticity	neutral
there are a group of track runners bracing to take off.	the track runners are competiting to win the race	neutral
there are a group of track runners bracing to take off.	the  track runners are sitting on an airplane	contradiction
two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard.	the two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break.	neutral
two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard.	two guys sit on the side of a billboard.	entailment
a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water.	the woman is relaxing in water.	entailment
a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water.	the woman is in the ocean.	neutral
a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water.	the woman is sitting at home.	contradiction
a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track.	the dog is not wearing a muzzle.	contradiction
a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track.	the dog is running.	entailment
a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track.	the dog is racing other dogs.	entailment
a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt.	the man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today.	neutral
a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt.	a man and a boy are riding scooters.	contradiction
a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt.	a man is wearing glasses and a baseball cap.	entailment
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a child sits on the animal's back.	entailment
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the ginger-haired kid holds the pony's reins.	neutral
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the child and his pet play on the bed.	contradiction
a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.	the man's shorts are red.	neutral
a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.	there is only one person present.	contradiction
a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	a runner want to head for the finish line.	entailment
a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	a runner give up before heading to the finish line.	contradiction
a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.	a runner in a competition want to go to the finish line.	entailment
shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.	a skater is being photographed.	contradiction
shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.	a cyclist is being filmed.	entailment
shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.	a cyclist is performing for a new sports show.	neutral
a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	a group of students are listening.	entailment
a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	some students are attending a class.	entailment
a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture.	students are at the park.	contradiction
a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall.	a man is holding a stone in front of a wall.	entailment
a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall.	the man is a sculptor.	neutral
a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall.	the woman is holding a rock in front of a wall.	contradiction
a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.	 a young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white large phone.	neutral
a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.	a man jumping off a ledge.	contradiction
a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.	 a man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm.	entailment
the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers.	the ship nearly hits a cruiser.	neutral
the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers.	the sailing ship is alone on the water.	contradiction
the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers.	there are many boats out.	entailment
a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing.	a man is scalping tickets to a seahawks game.	neutral
a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing.	a man wearing a tuxedo is sitting.	contradiction
a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing.	a man is wearing a football sweatshirt.	entailment
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement.	a man stands by a wall outside.	entailment
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement.	a man stands by a wall.	entailment
a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement.	a man sits on a wall.	contradiction
a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	there is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors.	contradiction
a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	there is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow.	entailment
a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	a woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight.	neutral
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.	the two men are friends	neutral
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.	the fire pit has been put out	contradiction
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.	two men standing next to each other	entailment
an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair.	a large human sitting.	neutral
an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair.	a human sitting.	entailment
an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair.	nobody is sitting.	contradiction
a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.	a man smokes a joint outside	neutral
a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.	a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it	entailment
a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.	two girls sit and play in a waiting room	contradiction
a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.	the runners are running towards the large buildings.	entailment
a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.	the runners are competing in a marathon.	neutral
a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.	a group of mall walkers takes a smoke break.	contradiction
children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk.	kids taking naps inside	contradiction
children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk.	kids playing at a park outside	neutral
children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk.	kids playing outside	entailment
boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.	the boy is surrounded by snow	entailment
boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.	the girl pushes as hard as she can	contradiction
boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.	the boy pushes as hard as he can	neutral
a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.	a man posed with his teammates in the background.	entailment
a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.	a man posed with both arms out at a competition.	contradiction
a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.	a man posed at a baseball game.	neutral
group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	there are people working.	entailment
group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night.	neutral
group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	a group of people are wind surfing over the dunes.	contradiction
five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.	six people have an absolutely normal poker game.	contradiction
five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.	a strange ritual is being performed.	neutral
five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.	five men are kneeling, while another man puts his hands into the air.	entailment
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing.	men are in wetsuits	entailment
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing.	men are standing up	entailment
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing.	men are sleep.	contradiction
a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.	a man sitting.	entailment
a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.	a man is playing chess while wearing a green tutu.	contradiction
a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.	a man is taking a nap on a bench.	neutral
a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.	a girl in shorts is fishing in a pond.	entailment
a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.	a girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff.	contradiction
a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.	a girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime.	neutral
a young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store.	a young boy is hitting a pinata.	contradiction
a young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store.	a young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags.	neutral
a younger man dressed in tribal attire.	a young man wheres tribal clothes for a ceremony.	neutral
a younger man dressed in tribal attire.	a young man wears clothing.	entailment
a younger man dressed in tribal attire.	a young man wheres a tuxedo.	contradiction
a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.	a group of people deepsea fishing	contradiction
a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.	a native american actor is about to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown	neutral
a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.	a man walks down the street with other people around	entailment
a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street.	the feathers are colorful.	neutral
a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street.	there is a man.	entailment
a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street.	the costume is asian.	contradiction
an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.	the man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime.	neutral
an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.	the older gentleman wearing a plaid shirt and blue pants looks through the telescope.	entailment
an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.	a old man in a plaid shirt buys apples at the market.	contradiction
two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.	the basket is woven.	entailment
two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.	the men are sitting.	contradiction
two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.	the men are brothers.	neutral
a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.	a naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.	neutral
a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.	a woman is posing on a ski board with lava in the background.	contradiction
a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.	a man is posing.	entailment
a man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment.	he is making office calls.	contradiction
a man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment.	he is trying to get it working again.	neutral
a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down.	a black man is sitting on a couch at his house.	contradiction
a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down.	a black man is performing in a play.	neutral
a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down.	a black man is standing on stage.	entailment
a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it.	a man riding his motorcycle off road.	contradiction
a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it.	a guy standed near the fence.	entailment
a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it.	a man standed near the fence to show the numbers.	neutral
a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors.	three people on work break	neutral
a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors.	dog chases 3 cats	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors.	three people talk	entailment
a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.	a group of people analyze art together	neutral
a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.	a group of people are looking at something	entailment
a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.	a group of people are at a rave	contradiction
people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.	people walk by a train.	contradiction
people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.	people at a train station.	contradiction
people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.	people jumping off of s sheer cliff.	contradiction
a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.	the girl is playing at the beach.	contradiction
a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.	the boy is playing at the beach.	entailment
a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.	the boy is having fun.	neutral
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.	people are eating in this picture.	entailment
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.	a lone person eats sadly at a truck-stop in the middle of nowhere.	contradiction
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.	the people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant.	neutral
brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off.	a horse is dead.	contradiction
brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off.	a horse is near a man who is about to ride it.	neutral
an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.	the man is a musician	entailment
an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.	the man is 10 years old.	contradiction
an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.	the man has little hair.	entailment
a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes.	a boy is walking on a sidewalk, reading a book.	contradiction
a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes.	a boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes, but doesn't have any money.	neutral
a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes.	a boy is looking at pastries.	entailment
a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead.	a kid is fast asleep.	contradiction
a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead.	the bowler who just rolled in the bright, noisy alley is hoping for a strike.	entailment
a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead.	someone is in a bowling alley.	entailment
two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.	two people cook together.	entailment
two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.	the people are cooking a dinner for valentine's day.	neutral
two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.	two people eat chinese at a chinese buffet.	contradiction
a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike.	a man does a jump trick on his bike.	entailment
a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike.	a man crashes his bike.	contradiction
a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike.	a man jumps his bike.	entailment
women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.	two shabbily dressed women hold mics as they compete in a rap battle in front of a cheering crowd.	contradiction
women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.	a woman giving a seminar has her words recorded by her transcriber.	neutral
women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.	one woman speaking into a microphone while a second woman writes beside her.	entailment
a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting.	a human standing.	entailment
a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting.	nobody is standing	contradiction
a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting.	a tall human standing	neutral
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.	blonde woman drawing on a cafe window.	contradiction
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.	woman waiting for a friend at a cafe.	neutral
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.	brunette woman sitting outside a cafe.	entailment
a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair.	the man is protecting his eyes with sunglasses.	entailment
a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair.	the man is a hippie.	neutral
a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair.	the man is standing.	contradiction
children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.	children are running outside, competing in a race.	contradiction
children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.	children are having fun at tommy's birthday party.	neutral
children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.	there is a group of people sitting.	entailment
a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.	worm crawling along sidewalk	contradiction
a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.	flying black and white bird	entailment
a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.	bird flying outside against the sky	neutral
we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.	people are looking at sexy underwear.	neutral
we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.	people are not looking at underwear.	contradiction
we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.	people are looking at underwear.	neutral
a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.	a band is playing music.	entailment
a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.	a string quartet is practicing.	contradiction
a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.	a band plays salsa music.	neutral
a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	a worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant.	contradiction
a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk.	entailment
a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.	a worker is working in a restuarant.	contradiction
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	a man sells fresh corn on the side of the road.	neutral
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	a man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store.	neutral
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	a man sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce.	entailment
a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	a man eating popcorn	contradiction
a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	a dog catching a ball	entailment
a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift	neutral
older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	older men eating dinner	neutral
older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	older men sitting at a cafe	entailment
older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.	older men playing shuffle	contradiction
a gas station and a car on fire.	a car sets a gas station on fire.	neutral
a gas station and a car on fire.	two items on fire.	entailment
a gas station and a car on fire.	a car is going through the car wash.	contradiction
artist on street corner selling his artwork.	someone is selling paintings.	entailment
artist on street corner selling his artwork.	someone is selling artwork.	entailment
artist on street corner selling his artwork.	someone is begging for money.	contradiction
this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.	there is a fresh food market.	neutral
this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.	vegetables are being sold under a white tent.	entailment
this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.	people are eating fast food.	contradiction
three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep.	the people are pretending to sleep.	entailment
three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep.	the children are playing a bedtime game with their parents.	neutral
three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep.	the three children and adults are sitting and watching tv.	contradiction
a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.	a girl is performing.	contradiction
a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.	they are at a performance.	entailment
a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.	he is playing guitar for the crowd.	neutral
two people are running in the grass by a hill.	a man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon.	neutral
two people are running in the grass by a hill.	the people are running outside.	entailment
two people are running in the grass by a hill.	an old man walks by himself through the city.	contradiction
a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book.	a woman is standing and looking at a book.	contradiction
a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book.	a woman is looking at a book.	entailment
a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book.	a woman is deciding whether or not to read a book.	neutral
an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.	older man talking	entailment
an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.	older man is sleeping	contradiction
an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.	grandpa is lecturing	neutral
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo.	the woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo.	neutral
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo.	two woman are petting a animal.	entailment
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo.	the woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant.	contradiction
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant.	people tossing out their disgusting meals at a sketchy restaurant.	contradiction
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant.	people eating stuff outdoors.	entailment
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant.	some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother's day.	neutral
a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars.	a man in shorts	entailment
a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars.	the man is a doctor	neutral
a man a woman posing for a picture.	a man is taking a picture of a dog, while a woman watches.	contradiction
a man a woman posing for a picture.	two people are posing for a portrait.	entailment
a man a woman posing for a picture.	a happy young couple are posing for a portrait.	neutral
an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.	an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky.	contradiction
an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.	an extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.	entailment
a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.	a man and woman dance alone	contradiction
a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.	a couple dances among other people	neutral
a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.	a couple dance together at their wedding reception	neutral
a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him.	there is a shirt.	entailment
a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him.	the man is fat.	neutral
a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him.	the shirt is a navy shirt.	contradiction
the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.	a man walks his dog with a black leash.	contradiction
the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.	a dog on a red leash walking away.	entailment
the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.	a dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach.	neutral
a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience.	a man is riding his bike	entailment
a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience.	a man is showing a group of people perfect biking form	neutral
a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience.	a man is driving a blue vehicle	contradiction
a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.	a man at the opening of a large tree	entailment
a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.	a man at the opening of a small bush	contradiction
a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.	a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard	neutral
an orange on the floor next to a dog.	the dog is a labrador retriever.	neutral
an orange on the floor next to a dog.	there's a dog and an orange on the floor.	entailment
an orange on the floor next to a dog.	the fruit next to the dog is an apple.	contradiction
a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people.	there is a man riding a bicycle.	entailment
a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people.	the man is wearing a pijama.	contradiction
a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people.	a cyclist is in a competition.	neutral
a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap.	a duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge.	contradiction
a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap.	the game of golf being played.	entailment
a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap.	a drive off of the first tee.	contradiction
a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.	a person is looking at something from afar.	entailment
a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.	a girl is looking at the sky from far away.	neutral
a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.	a girl sleeping on the ground.	contradiction
a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.	a group of climbers takes a break.	entailment
a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.	a group of climbers celebrates at the top of everest.	neutral
a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.	a scuba diver runs out of air.	contradiction
a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	a boy throwing a stone.	entailment
a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	a boy with no shirt on throws rocks.	neutral
a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.	a boy is at a baseball game.	contradiction
a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature.	a man walking around in nature	entailment
a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature.	a man walking around in nature because he's lost	neutral
a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature.	a woman at the beach	contradiction
a woman holds a newspaper that says "real change".	a woman on a street holding a newspaper that says "real change"	entailment
a woman holds a newspaper that says "real change".	a woman holding a newspaper that says "real change"	entailment
a woman holds a newspaper that says "real change".	a woman with a newspaper that says "real change" on the ground next to her	contradiction
four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.	males are socializing with each other while wearing casual clothes.	entailment
four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.	the men are selling clothes in a sports store.	contradiction
four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.	the men play baseball together.	neutral
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft.	a single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock	entailment
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft.	a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship	contradiction
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft.	a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock	entailment
a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese.	he is chinese.	neutral
a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese.	he is walking on his hands.	contradiction
a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese.	he is outside.	entailment
two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them.	two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home.	neutral
two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them.	two people are going for a stroll in the woods.	entailment
two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them.	two people are soaking up the sun in the summer time.	contradiction
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	a boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater	contradiction
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	a boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater.	entailment
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	a person in a shirt	entailment
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	a boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater.	neutral
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	nobody has a shirt	contradiction
a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.	a tall person in a shirt	neutral
a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.	the man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon.	contradiction
a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.	the man is near another person.	neutral
a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.	the man is outdoors.	entailment
a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.	a vendor is selling loaves of bread to pedestrians.	neutral
a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.	a person has food outside.	entailment
a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.	a woman is baking bread in the oven.	contradiction
a young woman is ordering from a red food truck.	a young lady is ordering food.	entailment
a young woman is ordering from a red food truck.	the old man was walking with his cane.	contradiction
a young woman is ordering from a red food truck.	a young lady is ordering from a food truck.	entailment
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers.	a bucket of flowers is carried by a woman.	entailment
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers.	a woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night.	neutral
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers.	a dog carrying a basket of food.	contradiction
a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.	the man is in a jeep.	contradiction
a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.	the man is asleep.	neutral
a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.	the man is outside on a boat.	entailment
three kids perform a skit about camping.	three kids performed a camping skit.	entailment
three kids perform a skit about camping.	three boys performed a skit.	neutral
three kids perform a skit about camping.	five adults went camping.	contradiction
the small child is sitting in a red playground swing.	the child is in a playground.	entailment
the small child is sitting in a red playground swing.	a father and child playing together.	neutral
the small child is sitting in a red playground swing.	the child is crawling in the sand.	contradiction
a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.	a group of people are planning something.	neutral
a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.	a group of people are kicking each other.	neutral
a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.	a group of people are standing.	entailment
an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van.	two cars were in an accident.	entailment
an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van.	the gray van had smashed the green sedan's bumper off.	neutral
an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van.	two cars waited patiently for the light to turn green.	contradiction
women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.	women are visiting.	neutral
women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.	women are chatting in a restaurant.	entailment
women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.	women are knitting scarves for the homeless.	contradiction
a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.	a funny person standing.	neutral
a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.	nobody is standing.	contradiction
a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.	a human standing.	entailment
two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him.	some men are hungry.	neutral
two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him.	friends are preparing a meal.	entailment
two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him.	two men are reading books.	contradiction
a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.	a couple on a date lay next to each other in a park.	neutral
a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.	two people are lying outside.	entailment
a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.	two people are playing with a frisbee at a park.	contradiction
a man pulling items on a cart.	a man is taking things that he bought at the store home.	neutral
a man pulling items on a cart.	a man is pushing a baby carriage.	contradiction
a man pulling items on a cart.	a man is moving items in a cart.	entailment
two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.	two girls are somewhere cold.	entailment
two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.	the two girls have no arms.	contradiction
two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.	the snowballs are from fresh snow.	neutral
a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	a woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend.	contradiction
a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	a male uses paint to stencil words on  a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected.	entailment
a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.	a guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it's on the ground.	neutral
one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing.	the people are crying in their sleep	contradiction
one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing.	the people are laughing	entailment
one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing.	the people are a couple	neutral
a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat.	she is listening to music.	neutral
a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat.	she is playing soccer in a field.	contradiction
a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat.	a girl is inside a vehicle.	entailment
a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun.	a man is sitting in his basement.	contradiction
a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun.	a man is signaling the start of a race.	neutral
a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun.	a man is shooting a gun.	entailment
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.	the band sets up their instruments.	contradiction
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.	the bearded man plays a song and sings along.	neutral
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.	a musician plays on his instrument.	entailment
the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.	the guy kicked something	entailment
the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.	the guy kicked his hat	neutral
the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.	the dog ate a spoon	contradiction
person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.	a person is outside.	entailment
person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.	a person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage.	entailment
person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.	a person is standing in a grassy field in the sun.	contradiction
the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks.	a young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle.	neutral
the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks.	a young man is flying a drone at the park.	contradiction
the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks.	a young man is trying to balance.	entailment
a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside.	a woman wearing a snowsuit is skiing.	contradiction
a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside.	a man is working outside wearing no shirt because it's hot outside.	neutral
a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside.	a topless man is working outside.	entailment
a little girl listens to a cellphone.	she is talking to her dad on her phone.	neutral
a little girl listens to a cellphone.	the girl is very old.	contradiction
a little girl listens to a cellphone.	there is a little girl.	entailment
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual.	the bride hugs the other person.	entailment
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual.	the president takes the oath of office.	contradiction
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual.	the newly married couple kiss.	neutral
two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	three people are leading a parade.	entailment
two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade.	neutral
two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.	three people are on a parade float.	neutral
a cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer.	a man is showing off his prize winning mule.	entailment
four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.	there has been an accident	neutral
four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.	the men are working	entailment
four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.	there are 6 men in priest robes	contradiction
a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.	a child is in a baby carrier.	entailment
a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.	a child sleeps in a crib.	contradiction
a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.	the child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon.	neutral
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag.	two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag.	neutral
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag.	two boys are walking together carrying a bag.	entailment
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag.	two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag.	contradiction
a person in an orange shirt reaching up.	a person is reaching up.	entailment
a person in an orange shirt reaching up.	a person is sitting in a chair.	contradiction
a person in an orange shirt reaching up.	a person is reaching up to grab something.	neutral
a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.	the couple are hispanic.	neutral
a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.	the couple are on a bus.	entailment
a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.	the couple are in their parent's car.	contradiction
a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.	a lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals.	neutral
a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.	a man in a dress has a bag of wooden toys.	contradiction
a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.	a lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys.	entailment
several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.	some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells.	neutral
several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.	people are walking on the beach.	entailment
several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.	a man in a red shirt is reading at the park.	contradiction
a large crowd is standing around the start line.	a lot of people are in a race	entailment
a large crowd is standing around the start line.	people are crossing a finish line	contradiction
a large crowd is standing around the start line.	people are getting ready to run	neutral
a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city.	a man is holding a mop on a roof.	entailment
a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city.	a man is jumping off a building.	contradiction
a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city.	a man is not happy about having to clean the roof.	neutral
the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.	there are a lot of birds outside by the sidewalk.	entailment
the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.	the boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs.	contradiction
the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.	there is a little boy standing on the sidewalk.	entailment
four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.	gymnast group preparing for a competition.	entailment
four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.	gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing.	entailment
four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.	band performs onstage to an empty room.	contradiction
an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing.	the woman is laughing at a joke.	neutral
an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing.	a woman is wearing colorful clothing.	entailment
an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing.	the woman is not laughing.	entailment
two people riding their bikes down a street together.	folks riding bikes.	entailment
two people riding their bikes down a street together.	a couple gets married at the courthouse.	contradiction
two people riding their bikes down a street together.	a couple ride their bikes on a date.	neutral
two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.	there are people outside.	entailment
two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.	people on a double date in the city.	neutral
two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.	people eating lunch together.	contradiction
a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it.	the military veteran had entered an art contest and won first place!	neutral
a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it.	the man, wearing scuba gear, jumps off the side of the boat into the ocean below.	contradiction
a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it.	there is one man in the picture.	entailment
group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus.	a group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus.	entailment
group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus.	a group of people on a bus are sightseeing.	entailment
group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus.	five people jumped the bridge.	contradiction
a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera.	the bus is going to celebrity houses.	neutral
a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera.	there is a bus carrying a lot of people on it.	entailment
a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera.	there is a cat driving a car.	contradiction
a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.	a boy rides his bike	neutral
a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.	a girl runs down the street	contradiction
a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.	a colorfully dressed child rides a bike	entailment
families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.	some people are outside	entailment
families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.	some families have babies.	neutral
families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.	families have some dogs in front of a carousel	contradiction
two kids in blue wetsuits surf.	two children surf in the ocean.	entailment
two kids in blue wetsuits surf.	two children build a sand castle.	contradiction
two kids in blue wetsuits surf.	two children surf.	entailment
there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the "grilled cheese truck "and the "calbi" truck in focus.	there are many trucks	entailment
there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the "grilled cheese truck "and the "calbi" truck in focus.	a dog jumps	contradiction
there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the "grilled cheese truck "and the "calbi" truck in focus.	there are many food trucks	entailment
a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.	a youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised.	neutral
a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.	a youth bikes by a mural.	contradiction
a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.	a youth skateboards by a mural.	entailment
runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right.	runners see a dragon costumed person	entailment
runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right.	runners are sleeping	contradiction
runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right.	runners see something	neutral
a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper.	a woman is inside	entailment
a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper.	a woman is cleaning for her husban	neutral
a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper.	a woman is at the beach	contradiction
a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape.	a man is standing in a desert.	contradiction
a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape.	a man is outside in the snow.	entailment
a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape.	a man is about to throw a snowball at someone.	neutral
a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.	some of the people shown are related.	entailment
a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.	everyone here is playing some video games.	contradiction
a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.	the family is taking place in the event in memory of another family member.	neutral
black dog running very fast.	a cat is running through a field.	contradiction
black dog running very fast.	a dog is running.	entailment
black dog running very fast.	a dog is chasing a duck.	neutral
a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper.	the people are using their fingers to paint with.	contradiction
a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper.	the people are making a welcome home sign.	neutral
a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper.	the people are using paint brushes.	entailment
a male teen is working on a school project.	a 16 year old doing homework.	neutral
a male teen is working on a school project.	the boy sitting on top of his dads truck.	contradiction
a male teen is working on a school project.	a teenager working on homework.	entailment
a boy works on a project in shop class.	the project is a large percentage over his overall grade in the class.	neutral
a boy works on a project in shop class.	the boy's project is for a school activity.	entailment
a boy works on a project in shop class.	the boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project.	contradiction
chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.	the chefs are making food for themselves.	contradiction
chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.	chefs are making food for customers.	entailment
chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.	the customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food.	neutral
a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.	a black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck.	neutral
a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.	a bald black man is painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and hammer.	contradiction
a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.	a black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer.	entailment
three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them.	inmates are cleaning up a beach.	neutral
three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them.	empty trash cans are sitting on a beach.	contradiction
three people are walking on a beach.	there are people at the beach.	entailment
three people are walking on a beach.	a few people are near the ocean	entailment
three people are walking on a beach.	people are swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.	two squirrels run after acorns in the grass.	contradiction
a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.	two dogs chase each other in the afternoon sun.	neutral
a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.	two dogs run in the grass.	entailment
a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.	a man holds a comb on a box	neutral
a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.	someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand	entailment
a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.	a man waits tables insdie	contradiction
a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group.	they are playing a game.	neutral
a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group.	the boy is jumping over kids.	entailment
a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group.	the children are standing up crying.	contradiction
a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.	a few dogs are playing outsides.	entailment
a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.	3 dogs are sleeping.	contradiction
a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.	one dog is timid to participate.	neutral
five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic.	people are celebrating.	entailment
five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic.	the people are family.	neutral
five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic.	there are two people.	contradiction
a group of african americans getting ready to eat.	an outdoor concert at the park.	contradiction
a group of african americans getting ready to eat.	a few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand.	neutral
a group of african americans getting ready to eat.	a few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party.	neutral
group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.	they are at the park	neutral
group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.	they are all playing checkers	neutral
group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.	the people are outside	entailment
two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.	a couple is writing a letter to their landlord.	contradiction
two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.	two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago.	neutral
two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.	two individuals are walking outdoors.	entailment
the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.	a young man drinking a beer	neutral
the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.	a young man smoking a cigar	neutral
the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.	a young man smoking a cigarette	entailment
cheerleaders standing on a football field.	cheerleaders are standing on a bridge.	contradiction
cheerleaders standing on a football field.	cheerleaders are wearing outside.	entailment
cheerleaders standing on a football field.	cheerleaders are practicing their routines.	neutral
coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.	a football coach talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd	entailment
coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.	a football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines	neutral
coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.	a football player is climbing into the stands at a game	contradiction
a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.	a man has a beer with him.	entailment
a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.	he is drinking to fall asleep.	neutral
a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.	a woman has a beer.	contradiction
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun.	a young woman is sitting down	entailment
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun.	the young woman is enjoying the sun	neutral
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun.	the young woman is sitting on a bench in the rain.	contradiction
a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.	a blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park.	entailment
a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.	a brunette woman sits on a sofa.	contradiction
a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.	a blonde woman sits on a bench.	entailment
a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert.	a brazilian woman carries groceries home.	neutral
a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert.	a woman walks outdoors.	entailment
a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert.	a norwegian man carries groceries home.	contradiction
a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.	a cheerleader passes out shirts	entailment
a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.	a player passes out hotdogs	contradiction
a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.	a cheerleader passes out team shirts	neutral
crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.	players pass out footballs to the crowd	contradiction
crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.	cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts	entailment
crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.	cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the opposing team	neutral
a brown dog races through a field.	a dog is barking out of the window.	contradiction
a brown dog races through a field.	a brown dog is racing another dog.	neutral
a brown dog races through a field.	a dog is racing.	entailment
a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it.	a pet is sleeping by the fireplace.	contradiction
a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it.	there is a dog outside.	entailment
a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it.	a dog is running back home.	neutral
an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.	an old indian man is sleep	entailment
an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.	an old indian man is dressed up	contradiction
an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.	an old indian man is running on the ground.	contradiction
a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder.	nobody is carrying anything	contradiction
a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder.	a person in a top	entailment
a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder.	a tall person carrying stuff	neutral
two girls feeding a horse an apple.	two girls are getting ready to ride horses.	neutral
two girls feeding a horse an apple.	a horse is eating a banana.	contradiction
two girls feeding a horse an apple.	two girls are near an animal.	entailment
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	entailment
a man playing cricket	a woman plays polo	contradiction
a man playing cricket	an indian man plays cricket	neutral
a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting.	the man is sweating from his run.	neutral
a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting.	a man is outside on the streets.	entailment
a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting.	a man is running on a sidewalk with no painting.	contradiction
a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.	the basketball player is stretching on the sidelines.	contradiction
a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.	the player is one of the best in the league.	neutral
a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.	a basketball player is playing basketball.	entailment
one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water.	two people are about to be in water.	entailment
one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water.	a husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezing river.	neutral
one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water.	two people are in a helicopter, high above the sahara desert.	contradiction
a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.	the bird is in the air.	contradiction
a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.	the bird is on the ground.	entailment
a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.	the bird is having trouble flying.	neutral
a rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents.	some people are playing rugby.	entailment
a rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents.	someone is playing hockey.	contradiction
a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.	a person carrying a bag with a girl behind her	entailment
a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.	a woman carrying a bag, with a girl behind her	neutral
a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.	a woman carrying a girl, with a bag behind her	contradiction
a clown performs in a park among other people.	a killer seeks prey.	contradiction
a clown performs in a park among other people.	inside the closet is dark.	contradiction
a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	a man in a costume speaking to another man.	contradiction
a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	a dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	entailment
a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.	a man speaking to a woman.	entailment
a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.	a young boy is grilling vegetables.	contradiction
a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.	a young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill.	entailment
a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.	a young boy is grilling steak.	neutral
a man is making a phone call.	a man is sleeping on a cot.	contradiction
a man is making a phone call.	a man is calling his wife.	neutral
a man is making a phone call.	a man is on the phone.	entailment
a woman is taking a picture of a man.	a female is near a male.	entailment
a woman is taking a picture of a man.	the crowd is watching a parade.	contradiction
a woman is taking a picture of a man.	the wife is taking a photo of her husband.	neutral
a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.	the man is hiding from his friend.	neutral
a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.	the man is inside.	contradiction
a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.	the man is outside.	entailment
a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods.	a lady with an axe is standing in the middle of a crowded mall.	contradiction
a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods.	a lady with an axe is posing in the middle of the woods.	entailment
a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods.	a lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot.	neutral
two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains.	people rock climb with rope.	entailment
two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains.	people sit on a couch.	contradiction
two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains.	some people go on an adventure.	neutral
a woman lowering ballast on a boat.	the woman is adjusting the boat.	entailment
a woman lowering ballast on a boat.	the woman is on an airplane.	contradiction
a woman lowering ballast on a boat.	the captain of the boat is preparing for rough waters.	neutral
two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.	two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather.	contradiction
two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.	two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope.	entailment
two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.	two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy slope.	neutral
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.	two mountaineers walking on a mountain.	entailment
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.	two mountaineers in a race across a mountain.	neutral
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.	two mountaineers sitting at the beach.	contradiction
a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign.	a white man is painting his house.	contradiction
a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign.	a person is painting.	entailment
a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign.	a black man is painting a protest sign.	neutral
a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.	a man poses for a picture.	neutral
a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.	a person is in front of a brick wall.	entailment
a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.	a hairy person naps.	contradiction
man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.	there are people outside	entailment
man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.	the man and woman are married.	neutral
man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.	the woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man.	neutral
a young man is playing a blue guitar.	an old man plays the violin to a group of people.	contradiction
a young man is playing a blue guitar.	a musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert.	neutral
a young man is playing a blue guitar.	the man is playing the guitar.	entailment
a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.	a man is riding a mammoth.	contradiction
a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.	a man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet.	entailment
a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.	a man is practicing for a horse race.	neutral
people waiting in line in a snowstorm.	people are waiting in a line during a scorching drought.	contradiction
people waiting in line in a snowstorm.	people are in a snowstorm.	entailment
people waiting in line in a snowstorm.	people are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with	neutral
xylophonists play in a dark setting.	someone who plays a xylophone	entailment
xylophonists play in a dark setting.	some people walking on the road	contradiction
xylophonists play in a dark setting.	xylophone is played by someone	entailment
athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight.	the men are wearing black pants.	entailment
athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight.	a group of girls talk and laugh outside.	contradiction
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.	a man and a small multicolored dog are in the water.	entailment
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.	a man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board.	contradiction
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.	a man teaches his puppy how to swim.	entailment
children nap on a floor while others stand by.	children are playing childish games while others stand by.	contradiction
children nap on a floor while others stand by.	children are napping on a floor.	entailment
children nap on a floor while others stand by.	children are napping on a floor inside a pre school.	neutral
a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.	a woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches.	neutral
a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.	a woman wearing white and black grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the police.	contradiction
a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.	a woman is carrying a serving tray.	entailment
a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.	the girl plays soccer with some friends.	neutral
a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.	the soccer ball is chasing the girl.	contradiction
a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.	their is a girl playing soccer in a field.	entailment
a black dog is running through a marsh-like area.	a dog is running through a marshy area.	entailment
a black dog is running through a marsh-like area.	a dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh.	neutral
a black dog is running through a marsh-like area.	a yellow dog is chasing a rabbit.	contradiction
two men are boxing in fighting arena.	two women are fighting.	contradiction
two men are boxing in fighting arena.	two men are boxing.	entailment
two men are boxing in fighting arena.	two men are punching eachother.	neutral
a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.	a guy looks upon a collision between motorboats.	contradiction
a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.	a guy looks upon a collision between two hondas and a schwinn.	neutral
a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.	a guy looks upon a collision between vehicles.	entailment
a man tests model airplanes in an open field.	a man is mowing his lawn.	contradiction
a man tests model airplanes in an open field.	a man is standing and testing model airplanes.	neutral
a man tests model airplanes in an open field.	a man is testing model airplanes.	entailment
three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.	three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium.	neutral
three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.	three men in blue block a soccer ball.	contradiction
three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.	three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside.	neutral
a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.	the boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond.	neutral
a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.	people watch ducks in a pond.	entailment
a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.	the man and his son stand at the edge of a pond.	neutral
a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.	a boy holds some flashcards in his hands	entailment
a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.	a boy watches tv.	contradiction
a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.	a boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i.	entailment
a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.	the flowers are lilacs.	neutral
a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.	the woman is wearing dark clothing.	entailment
a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.	the woman is old.	contradiction
two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.	two men are late for work.	neutral
two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.	some mechanics at work.	neutral
two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.	some men work on a machine on a wall.	entailment
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside.	entailment
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an inside mall.	contradiction
people shopping at an outside market	people are enjoying the sunny day at the market.	entailment
the man is outside on the beach walking his dog.	the man and his dog are taking a boat ride.	contradiction
the man is outside on the beach walking his dog.	there is sand in the ground.	entailment
the man is outside on the beach walking his dog.	the man is at the beach fishing.	contradiction
a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground.	a group of adults and kids.	entailment
a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground.	a woman drinks moonshine.	contradiction
a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground.	the coaches give the team last minute directions.	neutral
a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.	there is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground.	neutral
a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.	a child is upset and crying on the ground.	contradiction
a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.	someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches.	entailment
a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.	a man is prone on the street while another man stands next to him.	entailment
a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.	a man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car.	neutral
a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.	two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab	contradiction
a girl in black pants doing exercises.	a girl moving her muscles to get exercise in.	entailment
a girl in black pants doing exercises.	a girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition.	neutral
a girl in black pants doing exercises.	two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles.	contradiction
family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	a family is enjoying a night at home.	entailment
family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	a family is sitting together inside a house.	neutral
family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.	a family is out to eat at a restaurant.	contradiction
the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.	a boy riding a roller-coaster	entailment
the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.	a woman is riding a roller-coaster	contradiction
the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.	a little boy is riding a roller-coaster	neutral
a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him.	there is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background.	contradiction
a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him.	a man is taking a picture in the rain.	neutral
a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him.	a man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him.	entailment
two men stand near a piece of large machinery.	the men are operating a machine	neutral
two men stand near a piece of large machinery.	two men are having sex	contradiction
two men stand near a piece of large machinery.	the machinery is very large	entailment
two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.	two men cut some plastic.	entailment
two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.	two friends help each other by cutting some plastic.	neutral
two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.	two friends drink beer.	contradiction
a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.	a woman is sitting beside a pool.	contradiction
a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.	a woman is swimming.	entailment
a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.	a woman is practicing her swimming technique.	neutral
two girls aboard an amusement park ride.	two girls ride an amusement park ride.	entailment
two girls aboard an amusement park ride.	the two girls are nervous about riding the park ride.	neutral
two girls aboard an amusement park ride.	two girls play jump rope in the street.	contradiction
a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter.	a woman is standing by a fire pit.	contradiction
a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter.	a woman older than thirty is outside in winter.	neutral
a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter.	a woman is exploring containers for something.	entailment
a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.	the woman is holding a camera.	entailment
a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.	the woman is photographing a wedding.	neutral
a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.	the woman is a professional photographer.	neutral
two boys in running clothes stretching.	the boys are stretching.	entailment
two boys in running clothes stretching.	the boys are stretching before doing gymnastics.	neutral
two boys in running clothes stretching.	the boys are sleeping.	contradiction
three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines.	three college women are studing.	neutral
three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines.	three woman are watching tv.	contradiction
three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines.	three women are reading and writing.	entailment
a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot.	a soccer player kicks and scores a goal.	contradiction
a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot.	a soccer player is walking to his car.	neutral
a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot.	there is a field with a parking lot.	entailment
a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.	the man is homeless.	neutral
a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.	there is a bald man.	entailment
a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.	the man is watching t.v.	neutral
three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.	the children are less than 20 yrs old.	entailment
three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.	the two boys and one girl are limbless.	contradiction
three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.	the three children are related to each other.	neutral
a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.	a man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig.	contradiction
a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.	a microphone is near the stage.	entailment
a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.	a rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone.	neutral
expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	the person is snowboarding on top of a mountain.	neutral
expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	the person is surfing on the water.	contradiction
expert snowboard is trying a new trick.	the person is snowboarding.	entailment
a skateboarder does a trick in midair.	a person skate boarding.	entailment
a skateboarder does a trick in midair.	a roller skater doing a back flip.	contradiction
a skateboarder does a trick in midair.	a skateboarder doing a kick flip midair.	neutral
young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.	a young person in white next to an older person.	contradiction
young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.	a young person is standing next to a relative.	neutral
young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.	a young person in black next to an older person.	entailment
two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.	two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects.	contradiction
two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.	girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid's drawing competition.	neutral
two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.	there are young girls showing animal drawings.	entailment
two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	two women are reading, one has a magazine, while the other has a book.	entailment
two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	two women are in the library reading.	neutral
two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.	two women are cooking, one has steak, while the other has burgers.	contradiction
several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit.	a young girl is playing.	entailment
several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit.	a young girl is sitting in her chair.	contradiction
several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit.	a young girl is having fun.	neutral
a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	a woman is holding her bag and talking.	entailment
a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	a man yells at the television for no reason.	contradiction
a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	a woman holding a bag, and talking on her cellphone, is standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.	entailment
blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.	two men pose in suits	contradiction
blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.	a girl looks stylish for the camera	neutral
blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.	a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag	entailment
firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	tall firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	neutral
firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	policemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	contradiction
firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	people stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.	entailment
this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow.	a man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car.	neutral
this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow.	a man is outside in the snow.	entailment
this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow.	a man is standing on a large field of lava.	contradiction
a crowd watching a skateboarder.	a person is skateboarding	entailment
a crowd watching a skateboarder.	a cow is eating grass	contradiction
a crowd watching a skateboarder.	a crowd is loudly cheering as the skateboarder does a 900	neutral
a man holding a briefcase on a subway.	a man holds a briefcase.	entailment
a man holding a briefcase on a subway.	a man is going to work on a subway.	neutral
a man holding a briefcase on a subway.	a man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase.	contradiction
a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree.	a young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun.	neutral
a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree.	a female child, with no shoes but a helmet on,  walks on top of a tree that has fallen down.	entailment
a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree.	the child wearing sneakers skips down a forest path.	contradiction
a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.	a girl might fall off a tree.	neutral
a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.	a girl doesn't like balancing on a tree.	neutral
a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.	a girl is playing on a tree.	neutral
the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.	the boy is jumping up	entailment
the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.	the boy is sitting on the couch	contradiction
the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.	the boy is bouncing on the sofa	neutral
two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.	some children in the forest pass by a plastic triceratops.	neutral
two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.	children are being chased by a velociraptor.	neutral
two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.	young people are running outdoors.	entailment
a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum.	a trumpeter practices for an orchestra.	contradiction
a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum.	a drummer playing on drums.	entailment
a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum.	a drummer practicing for a concert.	neutral
the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.	the team wearing white is winning the game.	neutral
the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.	a woman wearing red plays hockey.	contradiction
the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.	two men are engaging in a sporting activity.	entailment
two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.	two twin pups holding onto the same bone.	neutral
two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.	a litter of kittens.	contradiction
two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.	two litter brothers fight over a bone.	neutral
five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.	the boys are working on an art project.	neutral
five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.	the boys are wearing red shirts.	contradiction
five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.	there are children wearing blue.	entailment
a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera.	a man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him	contradiction
a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera.	a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others	neutral
man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle.	man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog.	neutral
man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle.	man doing a trick riding his bicycle.	entailment
man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle.	the man attending a meeting in his office.	contradiction
two girls playing catch on a lawn	children playing a game on green grass.	entailment
two girls playing catch on a lawn	sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park.	neutral
two girls playing catch on a lawn	two girls are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans.	contradiction
a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.	a woman giving her dog a bath	contradiction
a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.	a woman walking a dog	entailment
a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.	a woman walking her dog before leaving to work	neutral
a group of people are ice skating in a big city.	the people are outside skating.	entailment
a group of people are ice skating in a big city.	the people are sleeping in the train station.	contradiction
a group of people are ice skating in a big city.	the people are falling down a lot.	neutral
a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side.	a boy is near a waterfall.	contradiction
a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side.	a girl is near a frozen waterfall.	entailment
a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side.	a young girl is by a waterfall.	entailment
a young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice.	a girl standing near ice.	entailment
a young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice.	a girl is standing in a winter landscape.	entailment
a woman plays guitar for tips.	music can be learn by litsen	contradiction
a woman plays guitar for tips.	there is no way one can learn music	contradiction
a woman plays guitar for tips.	lessons are there to learn	neutral
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	a mother and child walking up a street	neutral
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	two adults on a street	contradiction
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street	two people wearing red outfits walking on a street	entailment
security officer working outside.	a security officer is outside.	entailment
security officer working outside.	a security officer is dressed in a uniform.	neutral
security officer working outside.	a security officer is in an office building.	contradiction
the cyclist rides on a wooded path.	the cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path	neutral
the cyclist rides on a wooded path.	the cyclist rides alone on a wooded path	neutral
the cyclist rides on a wooded path.	the cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path	neutral
african woman walking through field.	the brazilian woman is walking through the desert.	contradiction
african woman walking through field.	there is women navigating through the fields.	entailment
african woman walking through field.	the african woman is looking for someone in the fields.	neutral
an african person standing in a wheat field.	a person standing in a corn field.	contradiction
an african person standing in a wheat field.	a person standing in a wheat field.	entailment
an african person standing in a wheat field.	a person standing in a wheat field of his boss.	neutral
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a wet golden retriever is in a lake.	entailment
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is in the lake.	contradiction
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball.	neutral
many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building.	people are protesting outside of an abortion clinic	neutral
many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building.	people sit and stand together by a building	entailment
many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building.	people are throwing rocks at each other	contradiction
a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.	the man has blue sunglasses.	contradiction
a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.	the man likes taking pictures.	neutral
a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.	the man has two cameras.	entailment
two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar.	two women walk	entailment
two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar.	a woman takes a bath	contradiction
two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar.	two women walk to work	neutral
a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.	a man's car broke down.	neutral
a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.	a man is sitting on a car.	entailment
a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.	a man is snowboarding.	contradiction
a man walks by a building at night.	a man is in the city.	neutral
a man walks by a building at night.	a man is walking.	entailment
a man walks by a building at night.	a man is sitting in the sun.	contradiction
a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.	a person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff.	neutral
a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.	a person sitting on a rock cliff.	entailment
a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.	a person was sitting on the road.	contradiction
a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards.	a man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping.	neutral
a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards.	a man is all alone looking at postcards.	contradiction
a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards.	a man with a boy and their white dog are looking at postcards.	entailment
here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	the man is driving himself somewhere.	contradiction
here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	the man doesn't want to be seen.	neutral
here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.	the man is going somewhere.	neutral
a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.	foods are not stored in room by a man.	contradiction
a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.	a man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place.	neutral
a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.	it is food collection room as a donation.	entailment
two children work together on a project at a table.	two kids are making a model.	neutral
two children work together on a project at a table.	two children are doing something together.	entailment
two children work together on a project at a table.	two kids play in a park.	contradiction
a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.	a man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects.	entailment
a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.	a worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device.	neutral
a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.	a man wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device.	entailment
a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.	a person is on a boat fishing.	contradiction
a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.	a person is working at a market.	entailment
a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.	a person is slicing up a fish to sell.	neutral
a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.	the guy with the afro is eating spinach	contradiction
a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom	neutral
a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar	entailment
a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.	the photographer is well dressed and carries a camera.	neutral
a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.	the man with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his body.	entailment
a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.	a man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club.	contradiction
a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures.	young women are surfing in the ocean.	contradiction
a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures.	young women are outdoors.	entailment
a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures.	a group of hikers pause for a break.	neutral
a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole.	a bird is wallowing on a pole.	neutral
a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole.	a bird is sleeping on a pole line.	contradiction
a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole.	a bird is standing on a pole line.	entailment
a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.	the people are dying of old age	contradiction
a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.	they are at a wedding	neutral
a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.	the boy is wearing formal clothes	entailment
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car.	a giraffe is on a chair	contradiction
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car.	a person is in a vehicle	entailment
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car.	a boy is homeless	neutral
two boys in front of a soda machine.	two boys are at a machine.	entailment
two boys in front of a soda machine.	two boys are going to purchase sodas.	neutral
two boys in front of a soda machine.	two girls are in front of the snack machine.	contradiction
a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.	people sit on a beach to tan.	neutral
a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.	people don't like sand.	contradiction
a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.	people sit on a beach.	neutral
man walking a small pug.	the man is walking a large pitbull.	contradiction
man walking a small pug.	a man is near a dog.	entailment
man walking a small pug.	the man is a mailman.	neutral
three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.	two people are listening to the other person on the table speak.	entailment
three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.	there are three women sitting on a table.	neutral
three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.	three people standing on a table yelling and ignoring everyone else.	contradiction
a child hugs a birdhouse.	an insane child hugs a birdhouse.	neutral
a child hugs a birdhouse.	there is a child and a birdhouse.	entailment
a child hugs a birdhouse.	a child has no arms.	contradiction
the young lady is giving the old man a hug.	the lady is giving the old man a hug.	entailment
the young lady is giving the old man a hug.	the young sad lady is giving the old man a hug.	neutral
the young lady is giving the old man a hug.	the young man is giving the old man a hug.	contradiction
three people posing for a camera	there are people making different poses.	neutral
three people posing for a camera	the three people are all female.	neutral
three people posing for a camera	three woman are shopping at the mall.	neutral
an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella.	a tall person in a blouse	neutral
an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella.	nobody has a blouse	contradiction
an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella.	a person in a blouse	entailment
man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.	a man is at a concert playing for a large crowd.	neutral
man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.	a man is walking.	contradiction
man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.	a man is singing.	entailment
a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.	a couple stands near some stairs.	entailment
a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.	a couple celebrates getting engaged.	neutral
a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.	a couple sits on the stairs.	contradiction
a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street.	a man and woman just got engaged	neutral
a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street.	a man is kissing a dog	contradiction
a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street.	a man is kissing a woman	entailment
a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting.	a boy has a white balloon.	contradiction
a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting.	a boy has a yellow balloon.	entailment
a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting.	a boy has a light yellow balloon.	neutral
a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.	a woman sits silently.	contradiction
a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.	a woman has heard a joke.	neutral
a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.	a woman is at a dinner table.	entailment
walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.	walkers inside the mall	contradiction
walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.	walkers under a blue sky near the beach	neutral
walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.	walkers under a blue sky	entailment
a young african boy skipping rocks.	there's a young boy with rocks in hand.	entailment
a young african boy skipping rocks.	the area around the boy is completely dry.	contradiction
a young african boy skipping rocks.	there is a rock currently skipping down a pond.	neutral
a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	the dog is at home with his owner.	contradiction
a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	the dog loves to be here.	neutral
a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	the dog is outdoors.	entailment
a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen.	the man is doing science.	neutral
a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen.	a man is wearing a coat.	entailment
a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen.	the man is wearing a baseball uniform.	contradiction
while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing.	two students jumping in a class.	entailment
while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing.	a class of completely seated students.	contradiction
while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing.	two students disrupting class.	neutral
a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag.	the photo was of two men.	contradiction
a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag.	there are two women in the photo	entailment
a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag.	the woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman's relative	neutral
a woman runs on the beach.	a runner is working out on the sand.	neutral
a woman runs on the beach.	there is a person jogging by the shore.	entailment
a woman runs on the beach.	the old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge.	contradiction
businessman walking as two arrows point to him.	a man is walking near an archery range.	neutral
businessman walking as two arrows point to him.	there is a businessman is walking.	entailment
businessman walking as two arrows point to him.	a guy is jogging in a sweatsuit.	contradiction
a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.	there are people outside.	entailment
a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.	there is a black dog outside.	neutral
a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.	there is a dog sleeping on the bed.	contradiction
a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	a woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the staples center.	neutral
a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	a woman in a white and red basketball uniform.	entailment
a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	a woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.	contradiction
man playing a game with a young girl.	the man and the young girl are having fun.	neutral
man playing a game with a young girl.	the man and young girl are talking to the moon.	contradiction
man playing a game with a young girl.	the man and young girl are playing hide and seek.	neutral
two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.	a man and a woman are playing together.	neutral
two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.	people are playing a variation of baseball.	entailment
two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.	two men are playing basketball.	contradiction
two people playing badminton.	a man and a woman playing badminton.	neutral
two people playing badminton.	two people playing basketball outside.	contradiction
two people playing badminton.	two people holding rackets.	entailment
two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another.	two football players are talking.	contradiction
two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another.	two ballerina are talking.	entailment
two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another.	two woman are talking.	entailment
an old man holds up a sign.	a man is working.	neutral
an old man holds up a sign.	a man is sleeping.	contradiction
an old man holds up a sign.	a man is holding a sign.	entailment
several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.	people carrying bikes.	entailment
several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.	people carrying their bikes at night.	neutral
several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.	bikers racing downhill.	contradiction
bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs.	a man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head.	contradiction
bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs.	a sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience.	entailment
a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	the cart of water is for children.	neutral
a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	the cart of water is large.	entailment
a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.	the cart is full of beer.	contradiction
several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.	men using metal rods	entailment
several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.	men dont like their lunch	neutral
several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.	a bird flies	contradiction
a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road.	a man ridding his bike.	entailment
a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road.	the man doing a trick in the air.	neutral
a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road.	the man fell off his bike.	contradiction
people are riding their bikes down a road.	people have bikes.	entailment
people are riding their bikes down a road.	people are having fun.	neutral
people are riding their bikes down a road.	no one is riding a bike.	contradiction
a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building.	the man is in a submarine	contradiction
a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building.	the man admires the craftsmanship	neutral
a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building.	the arch is old	neutral
two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie.	two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses.	neutral
two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie.	two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police.	neutral
two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie.	two women look like police in similar jackets standing in the street.	entailment
women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.	women cooking dinner	contradiction
women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.	women talking on the beach	contradiction
women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.	women playing a sport	entailment
there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.	two kids are in a field.	entailment
there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.	the kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog.	neutral
there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.	the kids are flying a kite.	contradiction
a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman.	an older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it.	neutral
a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman.	an older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles.	contradiction
a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman.	an older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the ironman poster.	neutral
two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing.	the women are looking at a bouquet of flower	neutral
two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing.	two women are looking	entailment
two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing.	the women are hot	neutral
a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark.	a man juggling balls.	contradiction
a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark.	a man in a circus with flaming staff.	neutral
a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark.	a man juggling.	entailment
a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.	the man enjoys dogs.	neutral
a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.	the man eats dog pie.	contradiction
a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.	a man is playing with dogs.	entailment
a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.	a soccer player tries to score a goal and the opposing team stops it.	contradiction
a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.	a soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship game.	neutral
a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.	a soccer player scored a goal.	entailment
a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.	a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar	contradiction
a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.	a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums	entailment
a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.	a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert	neutral
a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.	a woman is enjoying a beer.	neutral
a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.	a woman is standing by the food.	contradiction
a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.	a woman is sitting near food.	entailment
an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.	a lady is standing.	contradiction
an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.	the lady is holding a porcelain cup.	neutral
an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.	there is a table next to a lady.	entailment
a woman taping a paper notice to a board.	a woman tacking a note to a door.	contradiction
a woman taping a paper notice to a board.	a woman taping a job notice on a bulletin board.	neutral
a woman taping a paper notice to a board.	a woman taping something to a board.	entailment
a man sits on his throne behind the drums.	a king sits behind some drums.	neutral
a man sits on his throne behind the drums.	the queen of england sits behind some drums.	contradiction
a man sits on his throne behind the drums.	a man is behind some drums.	entailment
a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.	a boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store.	neutral
a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.	a child is chasing a rabbit in the yard.	contradiction
a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.	a kid is interested in a toy.	entailment
a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.	a hot air balloon is crashing down to earth.	contradiction
a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.	a hot air balloon is rising in to the sky.	contradiction
a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.	a hot air balloon is making a landing.	entailment
a mother holds her newborn baby.	an asian mother holding her baby girl.	neutral
a mother holds her newborn baby.	a father holding a ball.	contradiction
a mother holds her newborn baby.	a person holding a child.	entailment
a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.	a child is chasing a car.	neutral
a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.	a boy is outdoors.	entailment
a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.	a boy sits in the road.	contradiction
a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries.	a man walking backwards	contradiction
a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries.	a wife taking groceries home to her family	neutral
a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries.	a woman outside	entailment
a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's.	a woman is leaving trader joe's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole.	neutral
a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's.	a man is in a driveway washing his car.	contradiction
a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's.	a woman is walking away from trader joe's with a full shopping cart.	entailment
a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.	a worker searches a ruined building.	entailment
a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.	a survivor searches for a meal.	contradiction
a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.	a rescue worker searches for survivors.	neutral
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight.	a man is searching for survivors.	neutral
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight.	an area is lit up by flashlight.	entailment
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight.	a fireman is in the dark.	entailment
a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight.	a fireman with an axe stands in a burning house.	neutral
a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight.	a fireman with an axe looks at some debris.	entailment
a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight.	a fireman sits at his station.	contradiction
a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.	a man in a uniform is talking to another man.	entailment
a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.	a man in a police uniform is talking to another man.	neutral
a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.	a man in a swimsuit is talking to another man.	contradiction
there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.	the man has no arms.	neutral
there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.	the man is holding a stick.	entailment
there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.	the man is killing a spider.	neutral
a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.	a man is outside.	entailment
a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.	the man is being served food under an umbrella.	neutral
a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.	the man is inside the restaurant in a booth.	contradiction
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are burning flags in protest.	contradiction
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are welcoming home soldiers	neutral
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags.	entailment
a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	a man driving a go kart, numbered 34, on a narrow dirt road.	contradiction
a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	a man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	entailment
a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.	a man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road in the snow.	neutral
a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.	the child's hands are on the man's head.	entailment
a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.	a small child is standing by the man.	contradiction
a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.	th small child is watching a performance.	neutral
four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.	grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water.	neutral
four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.	a group of people are playing in the water.	entailment
four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.	a group of kids slide down a water slide as their parents watch them.	contradiction
a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.	a young man is standing on both feet barefooted.	contradiction
a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.	a child is standing on one foot.	neutral
a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.	a person in a black shirt is standing on one foot.	neutral
a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.	a woman is dancing.	entailment
a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.	a woman is reading a book in her house.	contradiction
a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.	a woman is dancing to a mans guitar playing.	neutral
several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her.	one of the cartoon character is upset.	neutral
several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her.	all of the cartoon characters are sleeping while standing up.	contradiction
several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her.	there's a gathering of cartoon characters.	neutral
people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk.	people are feeding ducks.	contradiction
people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk.	people are crossing the street during a parade.	neutral
people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk.	people are waiting to cross the street.	entailment
little girl blows bubbles in a public square.	a little girl is waiting for her parents.	neutral
little girl blows bubbles in a public square.	little boy blows spit at people who walk by.	contradiction
little girl blows bubbles in a public square.	little girls blows bubbles.	entailment
an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.	an older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse.	contradiction
an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.	a human looks at the camera while building something.	entailment
an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.	an older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house.	entailment
the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.	a boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner.	contradiction
the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.	someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive.	neutral
the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.	a guy is relaxing outside.	neutral
group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign.	the people are tourists.	neutral
group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign.	the people are taking a science test.	contradiction
group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign.	the people are near a sign.	entailment
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.	two men without shirts are jumping in the street.	entailment
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.	a dog is sleeping in a home.	contradiction
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.	two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street.	neutral
a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars.	an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley.	neutral
a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars.	a boy played in the streets with his motorized car.	entailment
a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars.	no boy is outside in the streets playing.	contradiction
the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.	the small child is dressed in tank top and shorts.	contradiction
the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.	the small child is dressed for winter.	entailment
the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.	the small child is dressed in a parka.	neutral
a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	a dog runs with a stick in his mouth.	entailment
a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	a dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth.	neutral
a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	a dog barks at the wall.	contradiction
a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.	a man is exercising by water.	entailment
a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.	a man runs along a path.	neutral
a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.	a man walks to the store.	contradiction
a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	there are people in a pool.	entailment
a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	the girl is jumping to her father in the pool.	neutral
a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	there is a a lot of people on a train.	contradiction
a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard.	a boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch.	neutral
a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard.	a girl is picks up her skateboard.	contradiction
a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard.	a boy is jumping his skateboard	entailment
a group of people sitting around a small round table eating.	the people are enjoying a meal.	neutral
a group of people sitting around a small round table eating.	the people are dancing around the room in a conga line.	contradiction
a group of people sitting around a small round table eating.	the group is discussing the next project for work.	neutral
a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground.	a woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed.	neutral
a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground.	a woman is with her dog outside.	entailment
a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground.	a woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace.	contradiction
a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt.	two old friends catching up with each other.	entailment
a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt.	boxing match between two star fighters.	contradiction
a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt.	older man with green jacket conversing with another man.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger.	a man argues with another who is making threatening jeastures	entailment
a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger.	a man orders a mamosa for another man	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger.	a man argues with another who is raising his fist	entailment
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill.	this woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament.	neutral
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill.	this woman is skiing down a grassy hill.	contradiction
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill.	this woman is on a hill.	entailment
a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her.	a woman and two kids next to each other.	entailment
a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her.	a mother is waiting for the bus with her kids.	neutral
a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her.	an adult and two children are on a rollercoaster.	contradiction
a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches.	a person in face paint	entailment
a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches.	a tall person in face paint	neutral
a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches.	nobody has face paint	contradiction
a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "cyclone."	the group sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens.	contradiction
a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "cyclone."	a group from the local 4-h club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration.	neutral
a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "cyclone."	a picture of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park.	entailment
small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks.	the girl is wearing pink color frok	entailment
small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks.	a girl is playing electronic drums	entailment
small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks.	the girl is playing cricket	contradiction
a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path.	this man is an athlete.	neutral
a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path.	the man is going to turn left at the green arrow.	neutral
a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path.	this man is outside.	entailment
the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park.	a man and a dog are sitting on the couch.	contradiction
the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park.	a man and a dog are at a park.	entailment
the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park.	a man and a dog are at a dog park.	entailment
the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back.	a woman is using a large umbrella.	entailment
the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back.	a woman is not using an umbrella.	contradiction
the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back.	a woman is using an umbrella.	entailment
a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping.	the vest is nice and warm.	neutral
a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping.	the woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket.	contradiction
a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping.	the woman is wearing a vest.	entailment
a boy making an "oh!" face in front of a bay.	a boy is swimming in the bay.	contradiction
a boy making an "oh!" face in front of a bay.	a child is surprised by the ships.	neutral
a boy making an "oh!" face in front of a bay.	a child is at the bay.	entailment
three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat.	the group is fighitng eachother	contradiction
three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat.	the group is going to buy something	neutral
three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat.	three men adn a woman look at produce	entailment
two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt.	two children are having fun together	neutral
two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt.	two children are together	entailment
two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt.	both of the children are sitting in dirt	contradiction
the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.	a red motocross bike is being taken over a jump by a rider, while performing a trick.	neutral
the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.	a rider is riding his motocross bike.	entailment
the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.	a man is sitting on his bicycle, waiting for the light to turn green.	contradiction
3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera.	3 smiling people on a boat	entailment
3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera.	3 boating people being video taped.	entailment
3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera.	3 boating people being attacked by lions.	contradiction
a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's.	the people are hungry.	neutral
a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's.	the crowd is playing hockey.	contradiction
a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's.	there is a crowd outside the restaurant.	entailment
a child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby.	a child enjoys summer vacation	neutral
a child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby.	a cat sleeps on the couch	contradiction
a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.	the man is naked	contradiction
a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.	a man is smiling	entailment
a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.	the man is an agent	neutral
a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.	the man has performed this trick before.	neutral
a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.	the skateboard has 8 wheels.	contradiction
a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.	the guy is a skateboarder.	entailment
this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.	timmy stares at the remains of jimmy hoffa	contradiction
this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.	young snowboarder sizing up their next jump	entailment
this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.	ski season has now begun	neutral
a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along.	the person is walking	contradiction
a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along.	the person is running	entailment
a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along.	the person is old	neutral
a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle.	the man is at the bank.	contradiction
a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle.	the man is trying to add color to his sculpture.	neutral
a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle.	the man is working on art.	entailment
a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.	a man sitting and woman punching him the face.	contradiction
a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.	a man sitting and woman laying in his lap.	entailment
a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.	a couple are preparing to be intimate.	neutral
a man performing auto repair in front of a building.	the man is fixing a car.	entailment
a man performing auto repair in front of a building.	the man is swimming in a pool.	contradiction
a man performing auto repair in front of a building.	the man is a mechanic.	neutral
people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.	people on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them.	contradiction
people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.	people walking through nature.	entailment
people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.	people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown.	neutral
a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.	a man is holding a snowboard.	contradiction
a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.	a man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach.	neutral
a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.	a man is holding a surfboard.	entailment
a water scene with a sunset in the background.	there is a water scene with a full moon in the back.	contradiction
a water scene with a sunset in the background.	there is a young couple at the water scene.	neutral
a water scene with a sunset in the background.	there is a water scene with the sunset in the back.	entailment
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.	a man is showing off for his friends.	neutral
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.	a man is performing a trick on a bike.	entailment
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.	a woman is performing a speech for her workers.	contradiction
a wakeboarder.	a man watches surfing on television.	contradiction
a wakeboarder.	a person with a wakeboard.	entailment
a wakeboarder.	a person rides on a wakeboard along the beach.	neutral
a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt.	two people are going to kiss.	entailment
a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt.	a man and woman are on a date.	neutral
a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt.	two men are kissing.	contradiction
two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.	two men work in a butchers shop, selling steak.	contradiction
two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.	a man sells fish from a stall in the fish market.	neutral
two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.	two men work at a market.	entailment
a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach.	a teen is practicing his skateboard skills.	neutral
a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach.	there is a person skateboarding.	entailment
a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach.	a leprechaun is skateboarding.	contradiction
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.	man coaches players	neutral
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.	people excercise on court	entailment
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.	man sleeps in bed	contradiction
four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground.	nobody is in orange	contradiction
four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground.	tall humans in orange	neutral
four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground.	humans in orange	entailment
a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children.	the woman is watching the children eat their lunch.	neutral
a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children.	a woman wears a plaid jacket as she stands near children sitting at a table.	entailment
a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children.	a woman in a pink coat is watching children play a board game.	contradiction
the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.	the batsman is on a different team than the others around the pitching mound.	entailment
the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.	the baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman.	contradiction
the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.	the pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat.	neutral
the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture.	a doctor prescribes some medicine.	contradiction
the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture.	a man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo.	neutral
the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture.	a man covered in paint takes a photo.	entailment
a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.	a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk	entailment
a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.	a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night	neutral
a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.	a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is licking the sidewalk	contradiction
two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game.	two girls playing hopscotch.	neutral
two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game.	two girls playing a game.	entailment
two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game.	two girls with short blonde hair playing a game.	contradiction
group of asians recording some video.	a group of asians record a video.	entailment
group of asians recording some video.	a group of asians record multiple videos.	neutral
a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community.	a woman holds her daughter.	neutral
a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community.	a woman holds a little girl.	entailment
a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community.	a man talks to another.	contradiction
four people and a dog out in the woods.	there are animals outdoors.	entailment
four people and a dog out in the woods.	some mammals want to live and the others don't want them to.	neutral
four people and a dog out in the woods.	species of animals are indoors.	contradiction
a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.	a little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods.	neutral
a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.	a little girl is standing outside.	entailment
a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.	a little girl is inside on her computer.	contradiction
a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street.	a man is walking outside.	entailment
a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street.	a homeless man strolls through the street.	neutral
a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street.	a man is carrying a bunch of kittens.	contradiction
a man and a child painting a post.	the father and son are repairing the sign.	neutral
a man and a child painting a post.	the two men are fighting.	contradiction
a man and a child painting a post.	the boy and his father making the post look better.	entailment
white dog high jumping over some pillows.	the dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat.	neutral
white dog high jumping over some pillows.	the dog is jumping over pillows.	entailment
white dog high jumping over some pillows.	the dog is laying down on the bed.	contradiction
a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall.	the lady is talking on her phne	entailment
a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall.	the men are headed to the movies	contradiction
a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall.	the lady is shpping	neutral
a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar.	a man is wearing a mask	entailment
a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar.	a woman is wearing a mask	contradiction
a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar.	the man's mask is a clown face	neutral
in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.	the people are sleeping.	contradiction
in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.	some people perform at a concert.	neutral
in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.	there are people making music.	entailment
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a frisbee.	entailment
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a baseball.	contradiction
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is outside.	neutral
a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign.	a woman is yelling at a crowd and they cannot hear her because she has no microphone.	contradiction
a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign.	a woman is giving a speech about her beliefs while playing the drums.	neutral
a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign.	a woman is playing drums and speaking at the same time.	entailment
these people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game.	there are people at a lacrosse game.	entailment
these people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game.	there are men in suits sitting in a restaurant.	contradiction
a couple walking their dog.	a couple and their dog are in their living room.	contradiction
a couple walking their dog.	a couple is walking their dog to the park.	neutral
a couple walking their dog.	a dog is going for a walk.	entailment
two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees.	3 men are running	contradiction
two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees.	3 girls are resting	entailment
a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall.	a small child is coming home from school	neutral
a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall.	a small child is walking on a road	entailment
a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall.	a small child is boxing in the ring	contradiction
a lady looks surprised.	something happened that just surprised a woman.	entailment
a lady looks surprised.	the woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily.	neutral
a lady looks surprised.	a woman looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposed!	neutral
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building.	the man tore down the shed.	contradiction
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building.	the man didn't know if he was a construction worker or carpenter.	neutral
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building.	the carpenter was almost finished.	neutral
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	a dog is playing in the grass.	entailment
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	the black dog has a red toy.	contradiction
two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.	two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel.	neutral
two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.	two women are having coffee.	contradiction
two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.	two men are in the living room.	entailment
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	the jackets being worn are red.	entailment
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music.	neutral
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	two women are staring at a mountain and neither has any headphones or jackets.	contradiction
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	some men wearing jackets are looking out over the water and one has earphones in.	entailment
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	the man listening to music is listening to kanye west.	neutral
two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.	the jackets are blue.	contradiction
a person standing next to an old dark building.	a woman running through a sunny field.	contradiction
a person standing next to an old dark building.	a man standing next to a run down building.	neutral
a person standing next to an old dark building.	a person standing near a building.	entailment
young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day.	young people and a kid are walking in the forest.	entailment
young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day.	the old folks were racing in their wheel chairs in the rain.	contradiction
young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day.	young people and a kid are walking on a sunny day.	entailment
two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.	two men are mud wrestling.	neutral
two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.	two men are surprised by the skunk near them.	neutral
two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.	two men are shocked by what they see.	entailment
a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.	children enjoy the last few moments in a park before a rainstorm.	neutral
a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.	the children are playing on a slide.	entailment
a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.	a girl is reading a book.	contradiction
a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.	a human is standing between two large objects.	entailment
a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.	a person is sitting between two televisions.	contradiction
a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.	an old man is standing between two giant statues that look like tom hank's and will smith's faces.	neutral
two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	one girl running	contradiction
two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	two white girls running	neutral
two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.	two girls running	entailment
two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.	two girls with blonde hair are hiking.	neutral
two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.	two girls are sunbathing on the beach.	contradiction
two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.	teenagers are hiking in the cold.	entailment
a performance group is staged in one collective motion.	there's a performance group doing something together.	entailment
a performance group is staged in one collective motion.	the group is separate from one another.	contradiction
a performance group is staged in one collective motion.	the performance group is dancing.	neutral
two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other.	children laugh	entailment
two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other.	children pranking each other	neutral
two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other.	two children are riding in an airplane	contradiction
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.	a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling.	neutral
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.	a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and frowning.	contradiction
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.	a child is playing.	entailment
a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge.	the teams hate eachother.	neutral
a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge.	a soccer game is being played.	entailment
a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge.	the boy is on the floor, writhing in agony.	contradiction
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean.	he is at the beach.	neutral
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean.	it is sunny.	neutral
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean.	there are flying pigs too.	contradiction
two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.	the ref is watching the two men play soccer before he goes home	neutral
two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.	the ref is back flipping in the mud	contradiction
two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.	the ref watches the two men in the scrimmage game	entailment
at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.	workers preparing for a catered event, with several condiments lining the food table.	entailment
at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.	workers assembling cell phones in a factory.	contradiction
at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.	workers preparing for a chili cook-off.	neutral
a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.	a man is sitting on the sidewalk, waiting for his girlfriend to show up.	neutral
a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.	a man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by.	contradiction
a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.	a man is outside.	neutral
a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.	there is treasure in the trench.	neutral
a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.	there is a hole in the yard.	entailment
a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.	there is nobody near the trench.	contradiction
a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school	a man is performing for children for fun	neutral
a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school	a woman is break dancing	contradiction
a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school	a man is break dancing at a school	entailment
a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.	a woman has been shopping.	neutral
a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.	a woman walks through a store talking on her phone.	neutral
a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.	a woman is walking through her bedroom.	contradiction
a child doing gymnastics	a child is doing gymnastics.	entailment
a child doing gymnastics	a child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd.	neutral
a child doing gymnastics	the child is eating lunch at the park.	contradiction
a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.	a little girl belts one out while playing the violin.	neutral
a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.	a boy plays air guitar while lip syncing.	contradiction
a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.	a talented child sings into a mic and plays an instrument.	entailment
a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet.	a man and a woman are playing in the snow outside.	entailment
a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet.	an old woman and a young man are crossing the street.	contradiction
a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet.	a man and a woman are jumping in the snow.	entailment
a boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round.	the boy is wearing black.	neutral
a boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round.	the boy is sitting on the ground.	contradiction
this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market.	a woman selling tires.	contradiction
this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market.	a woman selling vegetables for extra cash.	neutral
this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market.	a woman in her vegetable market.	entailment
a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.	the other likes to smoke as well.	neutral
a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.	one of the females is a smoker.	entailment
a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.	neither one of them enjoy smoking.	contradiction
a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.	this is his first wave of the day.	neutral
a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.	the surfer is surfing.	entailment
a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.	the surfer is skateboarding.	contradiction
a surfer on a wave.	a surfer competing at a competition.	neutral
a surfer on a wave.	a swimmer at a pool.	contradiction
a surfer on a wave.	a surfer catching a swell.	entailment
a man in glasses in a basement.	the basement has a man in it.	entailment
a man in glasses in a basement.	the man is sitting in his living room.	contradiction
a man in glasses in a basement.	the man is searching for something in the basement.	neutral
a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.	a man is jumping over some rocks near the mountains.	entailment
a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.	a man is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a wild boar.	neutral
a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.	a man is jumping over some rocks in order to increase his physical stamina.	neutral
a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street.	an employee keeps a storefront looking tidy	neutral
a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street.	a man dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street	contradiction
a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street.	a woman cleans up near a ladder	entailment
a young girl running on grass	the girl is not standing still.	entailment
a young girl running on grass	the young girl runs to join her classmates at the end of the recess period.	neutral
a young girl running on grass	the girl sits at the kitchen table, decorating the christmas cookies while her mother looks on.	contradiction
a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display.	a person is standing upright.	entailment
a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display.	a thick haired man sits on the ground.	contradiction
a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display.	a man admires a display that he likes.	neutral
pedestrian walking on the street	a person walking inside a building.	contradiction
pedestrian walking on the street	a person walking on the street outside.	entailment
pedestrian walking on the street	a person crossing a busy street intersection.	neutral
one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.	a man breakdances while someone watches.	entailment
one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.	a woman strips in a sleazy club.	contradiction
one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.	a man practices for the 80s party.	neutral
people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window.	the people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food.	contradiction
people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window.	there are people who are about to eat.	entailment
people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window.	these people are hungry.	neutral
a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.	people are playing soccer in the rain.	neutral
a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.	people are eating live turtles.	contradiction
a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.	people are playing sports outside.	entailment
several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	there is a group of men.	neutral
several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	the men are fishing.	entailment
several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.	there is one man holding the net.	contradiction
the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.	the collie is standing in the sand.	entailment
the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.	the collie is running through the park.	contradiction
the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.	the collie is at a beach.	neutral
a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	several people sitting in a boat.	entailment
a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	a group of people waiting for a larger boat.	contradiction
a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.	a group of people on a sunken boat.	contradiction
a dog jumps over the pole.	dog is jumping over a pole	entailment
a dog jumps over the pole.	dog is asleep on the floor.	contradiction
a dog jumps over the pole.	dog is participating in a competition, showing his agility training.	neutral
baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	a baseball player hit a homerun.	neutral
baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	a baseball player has a green and orange helmet.	contradiction
baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	a baseball player is swinging a bat.	entailment
a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.	a little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn	entailment
a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.	a child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves	neutral
a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.	an child is throwing stones at a leaf wall	contradiction
a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone.	a guy is performing at a recital.	neutral
a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone.	a man is singing a song.	entailment
a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone.	a boy is helping his dad dig a ditch.	contradiction
a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar.	everyone is bald	contradiction
a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar.	a person with hair	entailment
a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar.	a tall person with hair	neutral
a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background.	the man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard.	neutral
a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background.	a man and woman are outside in the snow.	entailment
a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background.	a man and women are sitting by the fire.	contradiction
a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.	a three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.	contradiction
a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.	the band is playing punk rock music.	neutral
a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.	a band is playing music on a stage.	entailment
two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights.	nobody has a costume one	contradiction
two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights.	tall people in costumes	neutral
two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights.	people in costumes	entailment
three men drink at a reflective bar.	three men are socializing during happy hour.	neutral
three men drink at a reflective bar.	three men are watching a football game at one of their houses.	contradiction
three men drink at a reflective bar.	men are drinking alcohol at a bar.	neutral
two men are dressed up as snowmen.	two young men are dressed up	neutral
two men are dressed up as snowmen.	men are dressed up	entailment
two men are dressed up as snowmen.	two women are dressed up	contradiction
person fishing in river.	the man is shopping at the mall	contradiction
person fishing in river.	a person is near a river	entailment
person fishing in river.	they have a fishing pole	neutral
a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something.	two mean are wearing clothes and walking	entailment
a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something.	two men are watchin tv inside	contradiction
a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something.	two men are headed to baseball practice	neutral
one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.	there is one female	entailment
one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.	there four females	contradiction
one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.	they are musicans	entailment
a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.	a group poses on vacation at the ocean.	neutral
a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.	a group of people posing in front of a body of water.	entailment
a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.	a man cleans up a spill.	contradiction
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	neutral
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is rolling on the ground	contradiction
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a big dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball	neutral
two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar.	people are in a religious setting.	entailment
two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar.	the females are robbing a bank.	contradiction
two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar.	the man is a catholic priest.	neutral
a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water.	a wet dog is outside.	entailment
a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water.	a black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water.	neutral
a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water.	a white dog is laying on the grass.	contradiction
a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	the teen has a messy pink bedroom.	neutral
a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	the teen is laying down in a mess.	entailment
a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	the teen is dancing in her room.	contradiction
a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	the man is teaching the boy to play.	neutral
a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	the man is wearing yellow.	contradiction
a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium	they are playing ping pong.	entailment
man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	contradiction
man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	entailment
man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	sad man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.	neutral
a performer plays an instrument for the audience.	the instrument plays a performer for an audience.	contradiction
a performer plays an instrument for the audience.	the performer is making music.	neutral
a performer plays an instrument for the audience.	the performer has a flute.	neutral
two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.	people show their appreciation for another.	entailment
two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.	a recently engaged couple embrace on the street.	neutral
two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.	two married people avoid looking at one another.	contradiction
a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.	a girl rides a snowboard.	neutral
a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.	a person is feeding some cows.	contradiction
a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.	a person rides a snowboard.	entailment
a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.	a person is working.	entailment
a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.	a person is working at a theatre.	neutral
a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.	an actress takes the stage.	contradiction
a girl bounces in a bounce house.	a girl is bouncing around.	entailment
a girl bounces in a bounce house.	a girl is bouncing alongside with another girl.	neutral
a girl bounces in a bounce house.	a girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party.	neutral
a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	a woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face.	entailment
a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	a woman stands holding her baby and crying.	contradiction
a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	a woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her.	neutral
a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera.	the young boy is hispanic.	neutral
a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera.	the young boy is crying.	contradiction
a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera.	the young boy is smiling.	entailment
two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items.	three women are shopping at the mall.	contradiction
two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items.	a group of coworkers are eating lunch together.	neutral
two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items.	a small group of people are eating and drinking together.	entailment
the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand.	a man is eating lunch.	entailment
the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand.	a man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana.	contradiction
the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand.	a man is holding a banana.	entailment
a football layer wearing a red shirt.	a built man wearing a tshirt.	neutral
a football layer wearing a red shirt.	a football player in a black jersey.	contradiction
a football layer wearing a red shirt.	a red shirt as attire.	entailment
six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.	friends are meeting for coffee.	contradiction
six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.	women are outside.	entailment
six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.	friends are waiting together.	neutral
a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head.	a young african child playing soccer.	contradiction
a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head.	a young african child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village.	neutral
a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head.	a young african child carrying a bag.	entailment
the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city.	many visitors have fun at the latin celebration.	neutral
the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city.	the city is completely devoid of people.	contradiction
the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city.	many people populate the city.	entailment
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles.	a young girl enjoys her day outside.	neutral
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles.	a young boy plays with his yo-yo.	contradiction
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles.	a person is entertaining herself.	entailment
a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.	two boys look on as a married couple get their pictures taken.	entailment
a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.	bride running away from her wedding.	contradiction
a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.	bride and groom get marriage pictures taken while their kids look on.	neutral
man sitting playing guitar.	a man is sitting and strumming a guitar.	entailment
man sitting playing guitar.	a man is sitting by a campfire, playing guitar and singing.	neutral
man sitting playing guitar.	a man is standing on stage at a concert, playing saxophone.	contradiction
a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.	a man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.	a long haired man is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage.	entailment
a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.	a man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone.	entailment
a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says "lucky" that is overflowing with cash.	she does a handstand in her business suit	contradiction
a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says "lucky" that is overflowing with cash.	the elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches	entailment
a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says "lucky" that is overflowing with cash.	she is dressed up for a commercial shoot	neutral
a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike.	the other person laughed.	contradiction
a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike.	both people fell off their bike.	contradiction
a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike.	a person fell off their bike.	entailment
a man speaking with two women.	there are three people talking.	entailment
a man speaking with two women.	a man and two women are bungee jumping.	contradiction
a man speaking with two women.	a man is giving two women directions at work.	neutral
an older woman is holding a small child.	a woman holding a child	entailment
an older woman is holding a small child.	a man holding a baby	contradiction
an older woman is holding a small child.	a woman holding her grandchild	neutral
a man is holding a child on his shoulders.	the child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders now.	contradiction
a man is holding a child on his shoulders.	a child is going for a ride on that man.	entailment
a man is holding a child on his shoulders.	a child is riding on a mans shuolders.	entailment
a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.	a male performer is showcasting his snake for tips.	neutral
a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.	a male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest.	entailment
a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.	a blond boy is sleeping in bed at home.	contradiction
young child standing on a snow pile in a city.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
young child standing on a snow pile in a city.	the man is white	contradiction
young child standing on a snow pile in a city.	a man on a pile	contradiction
a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection.	a little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile.	neutral
a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection.	a person outside.	entailment
a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection.	a child riding his bike by the beach.	contradiction
a small group of people wait to board an mta bus.	a small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street.	neutral
a small group of people wait to board an mta bus.	large crowds of people wait for a bus.	contradiction
a small group of people wait to board an mta bus.	a group of people wait outside a bus stop.	entailment
a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes.	a man is holding a leash on someone else dog.	contradiction
a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes.	a woman is holding a leash on her dog.	entailment
a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes.	a woman is holding a leash on a dog.	entailment
a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.	she talks to her boyfriend about plans that night	neutral
a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.	she throws her phone into the sea	contradiction
a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.	she has a conversation on her phone outdoors	entailment
a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor	someone is at the movies with their friends.	contradiction
a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor	someone is doing their homework.	neutral
a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor	someone is sitting in front of a computer.	entailment
two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room.	the room has a camera in it.	entailment
two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room.	the room is black.	contradiction
two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses.	the older men are sitting inside drinking tea.	contradiction
two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses.	the older gentlemen are outside.	entailment
two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses.	the older men are colleagues.	neutral
a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city	they are sitting on a couch	contradiction
a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city	they are outside	entailment
a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city	they are posing	neutral
a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.	a man rolls a cigarette and lights it.	neutral
a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.	a man sits and smokes outside.	entailment
a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.	an old man is smoking a cigar.	neutral
an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway.	the man is a farmer	neutral
an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway.	the man is flying a plane	contradiction
an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway.	a man with glasses	entailment
a large group of people populate a dimly lit room.	a group of people are partying in the large room.	neutral
a large group of people populate a dimly lit room.	the people are populating the city.	contradiction
a large group of people populate a dimly lit room.	a group of people are in a room.	entailment
a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.	a man broke his new bike.	neutral
a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.	a man in blue walks his scooter down a street.	contradiction
a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.	a man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street.	entailment
a woman with red-hair staples some papers	a red-haired woman is working on the computer.	contradiction
a woman with red-hair staples some papers	the woman is working on papers.	entailment
a woman with red-hair staples some papers	there are women shuffling papers.	contradiction
it looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more.	a little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty	contradiction
it looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more.	a little boy wants a dirty rugby ball	entailment
a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	a soccer player tries to get an interception.	entailment
a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	a basketball player blocks a shot.	contradiction
a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.	a soccer player gets the interception.	entailment
a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.	a man is being arrested for assault with a knife.	contradiction
a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.	a man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills	neutral
a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.	a man prepares to throw a knife at his friend	neutral
a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights.	there is a woman under fluorescent lights.	entailment
a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights.	a woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall.	neutral
a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth.	a male has a device near his mouth.	entailment
a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth.	the man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth.	the man was about to record his music album.	neutral
a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.	the photographer is holding the camera in his hands.	contradiction
a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.	the photographer is taking a picture.	entailment
a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.	the photographer is a professional.	neutral
child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play.	a group of people take turns carrying an injured child.	contradiction
child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play.	a child is chasing pigeons around.	neutral
child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play.	people watch a child play.	entailment
two men are assisting a small girl in a harness.	there are two women helping a boy with a harness.	contradiction
two men are assisting a small girl in a harness.	two guys help a girl with her harness.	entailment
two men are assisting a small girl in a harness.	the men tying the girl up.	contradiction
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.	a skier skis.	entailment
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.	a professional skier skis down a mountain.	neutral
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.	a snowboarder takes a nap on the course.	contradiction
a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains.	a person is getting out of an suv.	entailment
a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains.	the person is driving the suv.	contradiction
a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains.	the person is about to go hiking.	neutral
a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.	a man with no shirt holds a stick.	entailment
a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.	a rabid sports fan cheers for his team.	neutral
a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.	a fully dressed man holds a sign.	contradiction
a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.	the boy's shirt is orange.	contradiction
a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.	the boy is moving very fast.	neutral
a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.	the boy is outside.	entailment
a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench.	the young boy is watching a hockey game.	contradiction
a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench.	the young boy is watching a man perform.	entailment
a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench.	the man performing is famous.	neutral
a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.	a woman is outdoors	entailment
a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.	a lady is walking down a forest	neutral
a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.	a woman is running with a stroller down a lot	neutral
a man is repairing roof shingles.	a guy is fixing the roof and falls off.	neutral
a man is repairing roof shingles.	a guy is fixing the roof.	entailment
a man is repairing roof shingles.	a guy is jogging.	contradiction
two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.	two girls are taking pictures outside.	entailment
two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.	two guys are standing by a tree.	contradiction
two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.	two girls are doing the same pose.	neutral
two racers race on motorcycles.	two people are racing in a tournament.	neutral
two racers race on motorcycles.	two people are racing cars.	contradiction
two racers race on motorcycles.	two people are racing.	entailment
three men dancing as a group of people watch.	three men are a dancer	neutral
three men dancing as a group of people watch.	three men shooting the one girl	contradiction
three men dancing as a group of people watch.	three men dancing as a stage	neutral
two young girls looking very concerned.	they aren't paying attention to anything.	contradiction
two young girls looking very concerned.	a man is lying face down on the street.	contradiction
two young girls looking very concerned.	their faces convey their feelings.	entailment
a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.	a child is thrown by a man in the pool.	entailment
a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.	a man was teaching his boy to swim.	neutral
a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.	a child is tosses into a box by a woman.	contradiction
a young girl with her bike.	there is a girl sleeping inside her house.	contradiction
a young girl with her bike.	the little girl is going to ride her bike.	neutral
a young girl with her bike.	a girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle.	neutral
two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e.	two girls cosplay at a convention.	neutral
two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e.	a few girls cosplay at a local event.	neutral
two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e.	two girls attend a convention.	neutral
two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them.	men sit.	entailment
two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them.	he plays a vial of gin.	contradiction
two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them.	water is nearby.	entailment
an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks.	a mother is making food for her family.	neutral
an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks.	a woman is preparing food for a child.	entailment
an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks.	a woman is doing the dishes.	contradiction
a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.	the boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up	neutral
a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.	the boy plays the flute	contradiction
a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.	the child practices guitar indoors	entailment
a man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him.	a man rides a bike.	entailment
a man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him.	the man is sitting on the ground.	contradiction
there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street.	two men are making pancakes in their swimtrunks.	contradiction
there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street.	two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement.	entailment
there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street.	two men are wearing jeans.	entailment
two white dogs fighting with each other	the two dogs hate each other.	neutral
two white dogs fighting with each other	the two dogs are having a brawl.	entailment
two white dogs fighting with each other	the two dogs are playing fetch with their owners.	contradiction
five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.	five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment	neutral
five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.	a group of kids reading	entailment
five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.	5 girls wakeboarding	contradiction
there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	a person walking down a street with snow scattered about.	entailment
there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	there is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	contradiction
there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	there is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.	neutral
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.	10 people are kissing	contradiction
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.	2 people are talking	neutral
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.	2 people are at a table	entailment
a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm.	the man is practicing how to surf.	neutral
a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm.	the man is laying in a mud puddle.	contradiction
a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm.	the man is doing something by the water.	entailment
on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.	young boys running their plays at home before saturdays big peewee game.	neutral
on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.	timmy hikes the ball as joe calls the plays	neutral
on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.	bender strikes again!	contradiction
a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open.	a woman laying down sleeping	contradiction
a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open.	a woman about to sing a song on stage	neutral
a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open.	a woman standing at a microphone	entailment
two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.	two girls are playing a game on the trampoline.	neutral
two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.	there are girls on a trampoline.	entailment
two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.	the girls are in a rocket ship.	contradiction
a girl is blowing a huge bubble.	a girl is playing.	neutral
a girl is blowing a huge bubble.	a girl is blowing many tiny bubbles.	contradiction
a girl is blowing a huge bubble.	a girl is expelling air.	entailment
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	kid showing the heavy metal hand sign.	entailment
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child signing i love you.	contradiction
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child pretending his hand is a bull.	contradiction
a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity.	a lady is taking a picture	entailment
a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity.	a lady is painting a picture	contradiction
a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity.	a lady is spying on somebody else	neutral
a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy.	a man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children.	neutral
a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy.	a man is holding fluffy sweets.	entailment
a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy.	a naked man is picking apples.	contradiction
a referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player.	a man is running	contradiction
a referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player.	a referee is punching a goat	contradiction
two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.	two professional athletes playing basketball.	neutral
two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.	two men playing basketball.	entailment
two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.	two women playing basketball.	contradiction
a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.	a boat is in the water.	entailment
a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.	a canoe goes over a waterfall.	contradiction
a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.	a canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting.	neutral
a young boy is hugging a wooden post.	a boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post.	contradiction
a young boy is hugging a wooden post.	a boy holds onto a post.	entailment
a young boy is hugging a wooden post.	a boy holds onto a post during a wind storm.	neutral
4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.	there is a group of people, waiting at the bus stop.	contradiction
4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.	a family visits the zoo.	neutral
a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.	a kid eating a pizza on a bench by his bike.	contradiction
a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.	a kid riding his bike home.	neutral
a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.	a kid riding his bike down the street.	entailment
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.	the boy's bike is blue.	contradiction
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.	a boy has a yellow bike.	entailment
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.	the boy is having fun.	neutral
two cars are being driven in a car race.	two horses are pacing each other on a race track.	contradiction
two cars are being driven in a car race.	a bugatti and a lambourgini compete in a road race.	neutral
two cars are being driven in a car race.	two cars participate in a car race.	entailment
a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air.	a dog is barking at the tv.	contradiction
a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air.	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air.	entailment
a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air.	a younger gymnast, wearing dark blue and white, has her right leg straight in the air.	entailment
bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door.	an old man opens a door while carrying his bicycle out to the clean street.	contradiction
bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door.	a boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles.	neutral
bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door.	a boy is touching a door.	entailment
a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man.	a person pushing a shopping cart.	entailment
a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man.	a biy pushing a shopping cart.	entailment
a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man.	a boy pushing a car up a hill.	contradiction
a shirtless man with his fishing boat.	a man is sleeping at home.	contradiction
a shirtless man with his fishing boat.	the man doesn't like his fishing boat.	contradiction
a shirtless man with his fishing boat.	a man is with his boat.	entailment
an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.	the engineer heard a noise.	neutral
an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.	the engineer had purple gloves.	entailment
an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.	the engineer was falling asleep.	contradiction
along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on.	along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on.	entailment
along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on.	a jury convicts the innocent man because they thought it'd be funny.	contradiction
along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on.	a person takes a photo.	entailment
a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.	a man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order.	neutral
a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.	a man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant.	contradiction
a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.	two men talk to each other.	entailment
three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break.	people are playing volleyball on the sand.	contradiction
three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break.	some guys are taking a rest from working.	neutral
three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break.	there are people seated.	entailment
a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.	the father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike.	contradiction
a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.	a boy is learning how to ride his bike.	entailment
a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.	the boy is improving quickly.	neutral
two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	the men are laughing about the us losing the cold war.	neutral
two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	two women with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	contradiction
two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.	men are laughing together on a nice day.	entailment
a woman sitting in an office.	a women in a conference room	contradiction
a woman sitting in an office.	a women outside	contradiction
a woman sitting in an office.	a woman in a office	entailment
a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute.	a person with hair	entailment
a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute.	nobody has hair	contradiction
a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute.	a tall person with hair	neutral
two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.	two people are near water.	entailment
two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.	two people are hiking.	contradiction
two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.	two people are in the ocean.	neutral
a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.	the child went swimming.	neutral
a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.	the child is at the beach.	neutral
a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.	the child is dry.	contradiction
girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same.	a girl is in black pants.	entailment
girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same.	a girl is jumping for a charity.	neutral
girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same.	no one is jumping.	contradiction
a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.	a girl is critiquing her friend's dance moves.	neutral
a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.	both girls are doing a dance.	contradiction
a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.	a girl is dancing.	entailment
women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall.	a person in a hat	entailment
women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall.	a tall person in a hat	neutral
women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall.	nobody has a hat	contradiction
a sign indicates "dangerous shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.	the beach is out of water.	contradiction
a sign indicates "dangerous shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.	a giant wave splashes the beach.	neutral
a sign indicates "dangerous shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.	there are people at the beach.	entailment
a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows.	the alcove is purple.	contradiction
a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows.	the band plays jazz music.	neutral
a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows.	a band is assembled.	entailment
a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church.	the band plays a sousa march to celebrate the holidays.	neutral
a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church.	the city laments at their lack of musicians.	contradiction
a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church.	there are people playing music.	entailment
a man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop.	a man is putting a sign in the window.	entailment
a man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop.	a man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale.	neutral
two dogs are playing together.	two mutts are chasing each other.	neutral
two dogs are playing together.	two pups are eating.	contradiction
two dogs are playing together.	two canines are having fun.	entailment
a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking.	she was calling her husband on her cellphone.	neutral
a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking.	the woman was talking on the phone.	entailment
a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking.	the woman had a blue cellphone.	contradiction
a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.	a woman smokes a bong.	contradiction
a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.	a man takes a smoke break from work.	neutral
a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.	a man holding a cigarette.	entailment
a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.	the colors has disappeared form the world.	contradiction
a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.	a cart is on a city street.	entailment
a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.	the food vendor is selling hot dogs.	neutral
a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine.	the man is old	neutral
a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine.	the shirt is blue	entailment
a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine.	there is  no man	contradiction
a person sweeping stairs in a park.	a groundskeeper at a park	neutral
a person sweeping stairs in a park.	a dog singing karaoke.	contradiction
a person sweeping stairs in a park.	a person outside.	entailment
three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank.	the boats are on the water.	entailment
three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank.	the boats are racing.	neutral
three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank.	the boats  are sailing on the ocean.	contradiction
navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.	some men are standing on a carpet.	entailment
navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.	some men are saluting their superior out of respect.	neutral
navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.	some men are waving hello and speaking to their superior.	contradiction
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.	a baby is getting a bath by his father.	neutral
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.	a woman is scrambling eggs.	contradiction
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.	a baby is getting a bath.	entailment
a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights.	a man is trying to catch a flight home for christmas.	neutral
a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights.	a man is sitting on a beach in mexico.	contradiction
a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights.	a man is at an airport.	entailment
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	three humans standing.	entailment
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	three people sitting by a fire.	contradiction
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	three friends standing on top of a ski mountain.	neutral
a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign.	the children are doing sign language.	neutral
a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign.	the child is sitting	entailment
a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign.	the children are all holding up paper drawings.	contradiction
a young woman stands by a barbecue.	the young woman is asleep in bed.	contradiction
a young woman stands by a barbecue.	the young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue.	neutral
people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper.	people are on a sidewalk.	entailment
people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper.	the people are sitting on benches in the sunshine.	contradiction
a young couple holding hands in the park.	a couple are at the park.	entailment
a young couple holding hands in the park.	a man and woman are on a date.	neutral
a young couple holding hands in the park.	two people are ballroom dancing.	contradiction
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building.	the constructon worker is on the building	entailment
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building.	the construction worker is standing.	entailment
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building.	the construction worker is dead.	contradiction
child is laughing and playing around.	the child is having a good time and cracking up.	entailment
child is laughing and playing around.	the child is crying and hurt.	contradiction
child is laughing and playing around.	the child is with his parents.	neutral
a man grilling a hamburger.	the man is wearing an apron.	neutral
a man grilling a hamburger.	the man is near the grill.	entailment
a man grilling a hamburger.	the man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean.	contradiction
a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face.	a man raises his forearms	entailment
a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face.	the man is asleep on the bridge	contradiction
a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face.	the man is white	neutral
a young man appears bored in a restaurant.	a young person appears bored in a restaurant.	entailment
a young man appears bored in a restaurant.	a young sad man appears bored in a restaurant.	neutral
a young man appears bored in a restaurant.	a young woman appears bored in a restaurant.	contradiction
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.	this woman does not know the man she is pictured with.	contradiction
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.	a man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek.	entailment
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.	the couple is displaying affection.	neutral
child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up.	children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them.	neutral
child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up.	children writing in notebooks while one stands next to them.	entailment
child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up.	children building a sandcastle on the beach.	contradiction
a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street.	a man on a motorcycle.	contradiction
a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street.	a man is outside.	entailment
a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street.	a man hauling goods to sell.	neutral
a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.	a woman wearing a pink swimsuit.	neutral
a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.	a woman lounging on the beach.	contradiction
a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.	a woman wearing a swimsuit.	entailment
a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.	a person is climbing a steep cliff.	entailment
a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.	a person is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks.	contradiction
a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.	a man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death.	neutral
a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow.	a brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman	contradiction
a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow.	a brown dog plays in snow	entailment
a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow.	a brown dog is outside and it's snowing	neutral
a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.	a dog is outdoors.	entailment
a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.	a dog is asleep on the couch.	contradiction
a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.	a dog is running in the field towards another dog.	neutral
two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.	the two women are walking down the shore drinking tea.	contradiction
two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.	two women are having a picnic on the beach.	neutral
two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.	both women are drinking coffee outside.	entailment
young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.	the young girl is walking among the tulips.	contradiction
young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.	the young asian has lost her home.	neutral
young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.	the young asian girl is outside in the rubble.	entailment
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.	her favorite candy is chocolate.	neutral
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.	a girl has some candy.	entailment
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.	the girl is wearing her school uniform.	contradiction
team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.	a man is jogging in the park.	contradiction
team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.	a person has a number on his shirt.	neutral
team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.	an ice hockey player waits to make his move.	neutral
a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	a person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	entailment
a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	a sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	neutral
a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	a woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.	contradiction
a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking.	a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday party.	neutral
a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking.	a group of people eating and drinking.	entailment
a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking.	a group of people playing monopoly.	contradiction
man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.	he is yelling at his son.	neutral
man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.	the yelling man is wearing a white shirt.	contradiction
man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.	a man is yelling.	entailment
a man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him.	children playing baseball at the park	contradiction
a man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him.	man and woman sitting near a statue	entailment
a woman poses for a picture with a child.	a child poses for the camera with their mother.	entailment
a woman poses for a picture with a child.	the woman and child take a picture together.	entailment
a woman poses for a picture with a child.	a woman and child climb a tree.	contradiction
a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	the blanket is white.	entailment
a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	the blanket is black.	contradiction
a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.	the baby had dark hair.	neutral
a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops.	the boy is 8	neutral
a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops.	a young boy swings	entailment
a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops.	the boy is sitting down	contradiction
a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine.	a young girl doesn't jump while performing her routine.	contradiction
a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine.	a young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine.	entailment
a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine.	a young girl is dancing.	entailment
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.	a man is getting ready to drink ice tea.	neutral
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.	a man is drinking moonshine.	contradiction
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.	a man is pouring a glass of tea.	entailment
a girl climbing a chain link fence.	a girl is on a fence.	entailment
a girl climbing a chain link fence.	the girl falls from the fence.	contradiction
a girl climbing a chain link fence.	the girl climbs the fence to get to school.	neutral
older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt.	people put on a show.	neutral
older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt.	some old people perform onstage.	entailment
a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree.	entailment
a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	two people wonder how a christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of july.	neutral
a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought.	two people talk loudly in front of a cactus.	contradiction
a young couple thinking about their christmas decorations.	the couple are decorating for halloween.	contradiction
a young couple thinking about their christmas decorations.	the couple has their christmas tree out.	neutral
a group of people standing in a restaurant.	there are people in a restaurant.	entailment
a group of people standing in a restaurant.	a group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant.	neutral
a group of people standing in a restaurant.	a party waits to be seated at a restaurant.	neutral
an olympian leaps over an obstacle.	an athelete jumps.	entailment
an olympian leaps over an obstacle.	an old woman sleeps in the kitchen.	contradiction
an olympian leaps over an obstacle.	a sprinter hurdles the barrier.	neutral
a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.	a couple is standing and frowning.	contradiction
a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.	a couple is sitting down and smiling at each other.	entailment
a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.	a couple is sitting down and smiling.	entailment
a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.	nobody floats.	contradiction
a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.	a person floating	entailment
a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.	a funny person floating	neutral
a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.	a many sleeping with his rugby ball.	neutral
a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.	a man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball.	contradiction
a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.	a man lying in the grass holding on to a ball.	entailment
a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle.	a dog eating a treat	contradiction
a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle.	a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation	neutral
a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle.	a girl is sitting	entailment
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man	man photographs skier performing a trick.	entailment
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man	skier beating up photographer.	contradiction
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man	skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick.	neutral
a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene.	woman carrying a child	entailment
a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene.	man walking a dog	contradiction
a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene.	woman carrying child to the store	neutral
multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	three of the men are talking on their phones.	neutral
multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	the men are wearing several different coloured shits.	entailment
multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.	most of the men are dressed in white shirts.	contradiction
a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.	the woman is carrying a basket down the street.	entailment
a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.	the woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of brazil.	contradiction
a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.	the woman is carrying a basket down the street in nepal.	neutral
a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.	two dogs fighting over a toy in front of a crowd.	neutral
a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.	two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric	entailment
a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.	a group of dogs fighting over a dead body.	contradiction
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach.	a young girl does aerobics.	contradiction
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach.	there is fruit present.	entailment
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach.	a young girl eating a peach, while discussing the times of old with her friend.	neutral
the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.	the guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what's in the sandwich.	neutral
the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.	a person is jumping out of a plane.	contradiction
the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.	a person is consuming food.	entailment
several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties.	neutral
several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	people talking and drinking while sitting at a table outside.	entailment
several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.	neutral
a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change.	a businessman eats lunch in the cafe.	contradiction
a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change.	a homeless man in torn jeans begs.	neutral
a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change.	a homeless man begs.	entailment
a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.	the man is clearing his driveway.	neutral
a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.	the man is working in the snow.	entailment
a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.	the man is playing a guitar.	contradiction
a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him.	a man is riding in a spaceship to the moon.	contradiction
a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him.	a man is giving a speech on personal finance.	neutral
a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him.	a man is speaking.	entailment
a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats.	a man is underwater.	contradiction
a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats.	a man is afloat.	entailment
a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats.	a man sits in a floating raft by some boats.	entailment
a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.	the people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market.	contradiction
a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.	the people are inspecting the vegetables.	neutral
a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.	the stand selling produce is in a street market.	entailment
a small dog looking up to his loving owner.	a dog is playing with his owner.	neutral
a small dog looking up to his loving owner.	some people are shopping.	contradiction
a small dog looking up to his loving owner.	a dog is looking up.	entailment
a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.	the dog is chained to a chair.	entailment
a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.	the dog is loose running around the yard.	contradiction
a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.	the dog is sitting.	neutral
a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background.	a woman in red is out camping near water.	neutral
a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background.	a woman looks at a map outdoors, a river and boats are behind her.	entailment
a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background.	a girl is buying a cup of coffee.	contradiction
the african american man protests against unlawful sex.	the man sings and dances in the park.	contradiction
the african american man protests against unlawful sex.	the man protests in something he doesn't believe in.	neutral
the african american man protests against unlawful sex.	the man protests.	entailment
one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.	a person in a uniform	entailment
one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.	nobody is wearing a uniform	contradiction
one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.	a tall person in a uniform	neutral
two dogs either fighting or playing together.	the dogs are asleep on the sofa.	contradiction
two dogs either fighting or playing together.	the dogs are in a meadow.	neutral
two dogs either fighting or playing together.	there are at least two dogs.	entailment
a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	there are boys in the gym.	entailment
a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	a group of boys are studying for a test.	contradiction
a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	the boys in their track jackets in the gym stretch their legs.	entailment
a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	wearing their track jackets, the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym.	entailment
a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.	a group of boys are preparing to work out.	entailment
a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.	a group of musicians playing	entailment
a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.	a group of musicians	entailment
a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.	a group of athletes	contradiction
a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket.	the woman is near her dog.	entailment
a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket.	the woman is wearing jeans.	neutral
a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket.	the woman is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped.	two men in blue suits are selling bikes and mopeds.	contradiction
two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped.	two men dressing in different types of clothing are comparing their bike and moped.	entailment
two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped.	a man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike.	neutral
three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike.	men look at their bikes.	entailment
three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike.	men prepare to fix their damaged bikes.	neutral
three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike.	three women ride bikes through the park.	contradiction
two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall.	two boys are moving at high speed.	entailment
two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall.	two boys are playing a game.	neutral
the man in the sailor suit is holding literature.	a man is sitting in his sailor suit.	neutral
the man in the sailor suit is holding literature.	a man is holding literature.	entailment
the man in the sailor suit is holding literature.	a chef is cooking stew.	contradiction
a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.	man walks past women	entailment
a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.	boy watches movie at home	contradiction
a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.	women comment on mans looks	neutral
a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.	a man is working for a circus.	neutral
a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.	a man is sleeping on the floor.	contradiction
a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.	a man is using his hands.	neutral
an oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery.	a woman wears glasses.	entailment
an oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery.	the woman is american.	neutral
a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.	a woman drinks from a mason jar.	contradiction
a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.	a man offers a woman a beer.	neutral
a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.	a man talks to a woman.	entailment
group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group.	group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby.	neutral
group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group.	group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day.	contradiction
group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group.	group of people with a dog nearby are outside.	entailment
a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down.	i kid is lying down on the train.	entailment
a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down.	a child runs and screams violently in around the train.	contradiction
a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down.	a child is riding the train from new york to boston.	neutral
a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.	a person is taking a break from walking	neutral
a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.	a person is near water	entailment
a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.	the person is going for a run	contradiction
a woman finishing a marathon race.	a woman is finishing a race.	entailment
a woman finishing a marathon race.	the woman is in first place.	neutral
a woman finishing a marathon race.	the woman is not going to finish the race.	contradiction
two men shining peoples shoes.	two men fighting over ice cream.	contradiction
two men shining peoples shoes.	two men shining shoes in the plaza.	neutral
two men shining peoples shoes.	two men shining shoes.	entailment
a man examines a bike during a yard sale.	a man is at a yard sale	entailment
a man examines a bike during a yard sale.	a woman examines a bike	contradiction
a man examines a bike during a yard sale.	the man wants to buy a bike	neutral
a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "sara's old fashioned ice cream."	the man is old.	contradiction
a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "sara's old fashioned ice cream."	the young man is getting ice cream.	neutral
a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "sara's old fashioned ice cream."	the young man is standing.	entailment
a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him.	a man is running on foot	contradiction
a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him.	a man is riding his bike	neutral
a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him.	a man is holding a bike up	entailment
two men work outside polishing shoes.	some men are polishing the shoes of business men.	neutral
two men work outside polishing shoes.	some men are watching tv together.	contradiction
two men work outside polishing shoes.	some men are polishing shoes.	entailment
a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.	a girl is outside in the snow.	entailment
a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.	a girl is on a snowy mountain.	neutral
a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.	a girl is at the beach.	contradiction
an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.	the old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth.	neutral
an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.	octogenarians admiring the old photographs that decorated th wall.	entailment
an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.	sandwiches nailed to the wall were commonly mistaken as pictures by the visiting tourists.	contradiction
a shirtless man rock climbs.	a man is doing his hobby	neutral
a shirtless man rock climbs.	a woman is climbing stairs	contradiction
a shirtless man rock climbs.	a man is outside	entailment
a dog plays with a stuffed animal.	the animal is indoors.	neutral
a dog plays with a stuffed animal.	the dog is enjoying himself.	neutral
a dog plays with a stuffed animal.	the dog is chewing on his toy.	neutral
a skateboarder sails over white steps.	the skater was elated.	neutral
a skateboarder sails over white steps.	the skater jumped high over the steps.	entailment
a skateboarder sails over white steps.	the dog jumped over the steps.	contradiction
two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.	2 male humans are sleeping.	contradiction
two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.	2 male humans are working construction.	neutral
two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.	2 male humans are outside with a hat on.	entailment
a man looks back while laughing and walking.	a man walks and hears a funny joke and starts to laugh.	neutral
a man looks back while laughing and walking.	a man is falling down on the ground.	contradiction
a man looks back while laughing and walking.	a man is looks behind his shoulder to laugh.	entailment
a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.	a woman stands by a business.	neutral
a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.	a woman sings to herself.	contradiction
a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.	a woman happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful.	entailment
a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.	a woman is singing.	entailment
a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.	a woman is having a bad time singing.	contradiction
a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.	a woman is singing karaoke.	neutral
a dog is walking down steps.	an animal is walking.	entailment
a dog is walking down steps.	a large dog is walking down the front steps.	neutral
a dog is walking down steps.	a dog is laying on the couch.	contradiction
women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep.	a women is holding a mans bicep	entailment
women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep.	the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms	neutral
women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep.	the man accidentally knocked the women out	contradiction
a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.	people throw things at the display	neutral
a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.	people stand in front of a display	entailment
a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.	people stand in front of the new display	neutral
a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.	the man is holding a drink.	entailment
a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.	the man is scuba diving.	contradiction
a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.	the prisoner is talking to two guards in the prison cafeteria.	neutral
a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.	a blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see.	neutral
a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.	pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.	entailment
a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.	a blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around.	contradiction
a woman and a baby are watching a boy play.	a woman and a baby watching	entailment
a woman and a baby are watching a boy play.	the woman is his mother	neutral
a woman and a baby are watching a boy play.	the woman is asleep at home	contradiction
a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.	a woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus.	neutral
a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.	a woman reading a book while sitting on a bench.	entailment
a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.	a man reading a book while sitting on a bench.	contradiction
it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse.	the clown has fallen off the horse.	entailment
it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse.	the cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer.	contradiction
it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse.	the sad clown fell off the horse at the state fair rodeo.	neutral
a man in a business suit screaming at the camera.	a business man is giving a heated interview for the local news.	neutral
a man in a business suit screaming at the camera.	a woman is yelling at a camera.	contradiction
a man in a business suit screaming at the camera.	a man is yelling at a camera.	entailment
a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch.	a group of chinese people are hanging out on a porch.	entailment
a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch.	the chinese people on the porch are family members.	neutral
a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch.	a group of african american people are eating dinner at kfc.	contradiction
a child making a sand castle on the beach.	a child uses their imagination.	neutral
a child making a sand castle on the beach.	a child on a beach.	entailment
a child making a sand castle on the beach.	a child doing homework.	contradiction
two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red "21"- round the corner of a tree-lined track.	there are two people and two motorbikes in this picture.	entailment
two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red "21"- round the corner of a tree-lined track.	one man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh.	contradiction
two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red "21"- round the corner of a tree-lined track.	the two bikers, both friends and competitors, round the final curve of the final race of the season.	neutral
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean.	a man falls down onto his bed	entailment
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean.	a woman falls into a bed	contradiction
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean.	a man falls down onto a bed	entailment
two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.	the winner gets a free soda.	neutral
two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.	two girls are in a race.	entailment
two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.	the girls are racing on jetskis.	contradiction
a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.	a woman is on her way home.	neutral
a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.	a young woman is standing on her hands.	contradiction
a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.	a woman is walking.	entailment
a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him.	a man is getting his face shaved for his party.	neutral
a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him.	two people are near each other.	entailment
a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him.	the two men are playing a game of football.	contradiction
woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.	they walk along carrying a bounty of food	entailment
woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.	the friends retire home after going to the farmer's market	neutral
woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.	they fight over the food they bought	contradiction
two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty.	two people sit on bleachers	entailment
two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty.	two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game.	neutral
two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty.	three men fall a sleep on green bleachers.	contradiction
a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.	a crew is working.	entailment
a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.	a road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them.	neutral
a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.	a group of men are sitting around a conference table.	contradiction
a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.	the couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop.	neutral
a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.	there are people outside.	entailment
a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.	there are people inside of a store.	contradiction
two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.	two women are wearing red	contradiction
two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.	the two me are wearing black jackets	entailment
two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.	the two men are friends	neutral
an elderly woman walking down the street.	an elderly woman is shown outside.	entailment
an elderly woman walking down the street.	an elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home.	contradiction
an elderly woman walking down the street.	an elderly woman is walking to her doctors appointment.	neutral
an old woman walking down the street.	a human in motion.	entailment
an old woman walking down the street.	a woman on her way to church.	neutral
an old woman walking down the street.	a young women walking down the street.	contradiction
a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.	the donkey sign is smeared with paint.	contradiction
a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.	the person is a gay republican.	neutral
a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.	the person holds a sign.	entailment
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	a man has two dogs playing.	entailment
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	the dogs are adopted.	neutral
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	the dogs are asleep.	contradiction
a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.	the man is stealing a sculpture	neutral
a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.	there is a sculture	entailment
a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.	the man is robbing a bank	contradiction
this child is getting a pedicure.	child getting a manicure.	contradiction
this child is getting a pedicure.	child getting pedicure.	entailment
this child is getting a pedicure.	child getting pedicure with mother.	neutral
a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman.	everybody is bald	contradiction
a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman.	a person with hair	entailment
a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman.	a tall person with hair	neutral
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket weaver sitting at home.	contradiction
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket weaving instructor at the fair.	entailment
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket weaver teaching a class at the fair.	neutral
two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.	the coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop.	neutral
two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.	the guys are having a party at the park.	contradiction
two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.	the men are discussing their blueprints.	neutral
a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.	a man sits in a chair on a dating show.	neutral
a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.	a man sits in a purple chair.	entailment
a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.	a bald man sits in a red chair.	contradiction
a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.	young men are talking	entailment
a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.	young men are talking abuot love	neutral
a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.	young woman are walking	contradiction
a small girl is swinging.	a young lady plays outside	neutral
a small girl is swinging.	a child swings	entailment
a small girl is swinging.	a puppy barks at a girl	contradiction
a group of men playing rugby on the sand.	a group of woman play volleyball in a court.	contradiction
a group of men playing rugby on the sand.	a rugby team plays a match at the beach.	neutral
a group of men playing rugby on the sand.	a group of men playing sports in the sand.	entailment
beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight.	it is a sunny day.	entailment
beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight.	a girl is wearing a dress.	entailment
beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight.	it is late at night.	contradiction
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow.	a toddler is outside.	entailment
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow.	a toddler is very cold.	neutral
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow.	a toddler walking in sand.	contradiction
a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd.	a fire performer performing before a crowd.	entailment
a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd.	a man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks.	contradiction
a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd.	a dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd.	neutral
a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car.	a man secures surfboards on his car.	entailment
a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car.	a man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing.	neutral
a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car.	a man is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
a woman is using a small scissors on a large net.	a woman is using small scissors on a basketball net.	neutral
a woman is using a small scissors on a large net.	a woman is using tape on a large net.	contradiction
a woman is using a small scissors on a large net.	a woman is using small cutting utensils on a large net.	entailment
two men heavily immersed in a conversation worth having.	the men are sitting in silence.	contradiction
two men heavily immersed in a conversation worth having.	two men are talking.	entailment
a child bowling at the bowling alley.	a professional bowling team wins the championship.	contradiction
a child bowling at the bowling alley.	a girl is bowling against her daddy.	neutral
a group of people celebrating in the street.	there is a celebration going on	entailment
a group of people celebrating in the street.	people are celebrating their friend's birthday	neutral
a group of people celebrating in the street.	people got shot by a sniper and dide	contradiction
three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.	the men are cooking dinner.	neutral
three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.	three guys are in a swimming pool.	contradiction
three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.	three people are standing inside a house near each other.	entailment
two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.	smiling at the camera the two women wore red	entailment
two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.	with their backs turned to the camera were two women wearing blue dresses	contradiction
two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.	posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock	neutral
a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition.	a long jumper tries to beat the person before him, but he hasn't performed well recently.	neutral
a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition.	there is someone attempting to jump.	entailment
a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition.	a long jumper is jumping a hurdle.	entailment
a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor.	a man and women laying down in bed	contradiction
a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor.	a man and women taking a break	neutral
a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor.	a man and women shopping	entailment
six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel.	many people are searching for an oasis in the desert.	neutral
six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel.	many people are lying in the sun at the park.	contradiction
six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel.	many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels.	neutral
a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.	the girl is holding a dead animal	contradiction
a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.	the girl is cute	neutral
a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.	the girl is holding a flower	entailment
this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.	the person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside.	neutral
this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.	the person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building.	contradiction
this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.	there is a person talking on the phone.	entailment
three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	the dogs are posing at the mountain.	contradiction
three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	they are all smiling.	neutral
three people are posing on the side of a mountain.	the three people are posing at the mountain.	entailment
young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool.	a child is moving swiftly toward a body of water.	entailment
young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool.	a dog sits quietly by the dinner table, eyeing the plates of food.	contradiction
young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool.	a child at a birthday party, plays with other children, laughing and screaming.	neutral
naked children play on the muddy riverbank.	the riverbank was played on by nudity of kids	entailment
naked children play on the muddy riverbank.	the nude kids played on the riverbank  in the mud just to have a mud bath	neutral
naked children play on the muddy riverbank.	the riverbank stayed clean everyday	contradiction
a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.	there is a woman swimming.	neutral
a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.	the synchronized swimmer is performing at the olympics.	neutral
a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.	a woman is laying on the beach.	contradiction
a silhouette of a man fishing.	a man is fishing.	entailment
a silhouette of a man fishing.	a man took a fishing trip.	neutral
a silhouette of a man fishing.	a man is sleeping.	contradiction
a man hammering nails on a shed.	the man is making repairs.	neutral
a man hammering nails on a shed.	the man is a handyman.	neutral
a man hammering nails on a shed.	the shed is made of t-shirts.	contradiction
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding.	the person is swimming.	contradiction
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding.	a person is enjoying the scenery.	entailment
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding.	the person is dead.	contradiction
two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd.	a man is wearing a cowboy hat.	entailment
two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd.	there is crowd.	entailment
two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd.	the cap is a yankee cap.	neutral
asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper	the class is holding hands.	neutral
asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper	the storm strooper is attacking the children.	contradiction
asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper	the stormtrooper is being photographed.	entailment
a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket.	a man driving a car.	contradiction
a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket.	a police officer and his motorbike.	entailment
a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket.	a motorcycle officer getting ready for patrol.	neutral
two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water.	two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family.	neutral
two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water.	two young girls are standing under a fountain of water.	entailment
two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water.	two young girls are riding roller coasters.	contradiction
a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.	some men drinking at the bar together	neutral
a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.	a man drinking with others	entailment
a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.	the man is crying and writing	contradiction
clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup!	fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school	neutral
clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup!	fooling around in the bedroom	contradiction
clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup!	fooling around in the bathroom	entailment
a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.	a woman rides a horse on the beach.	contradiction
a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.	a lady is lying in bed.	entailment
a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.	an elderly woman is taking a nap.	neutral
a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.	a human in snow.	entailment
a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.	a women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air.	neutral
a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.	a woman outside in the hot sand.	contradiction
you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere	there are three boys standing.	entailment
you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere	the boys are sitting down.	contradiction
you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere	the sidewalk is in new york.	neutral
a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.	the guy in funky clothes is on the bench	entailment
a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.	the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife	neutral
a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.	the guy is on the cow	contradiction
a man siting on a bench with a briefcase.	the man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport.	neutral
a man siting on a bench with a briefcase.	the man is walking up the stairs.	contradiction
a man siting on a bench with a briefcase.	the man is outdoors with his briefcase.	entailment
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping.	a person is sleeping on a park bench.	neutral
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping.	a person is napping.	entailment
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping.	a person is dancing at a rave.	contradiction
some folks pick out the food they want at a party.	a study group sits at a table in the library.	contradiction
some folks pick out the food they want at a party.	the party-goers are perusing the buffet.	entailment
the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her.	the girl is talking to someone while opening a drink.	entailment
the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her.	a girl is opening a diet coke while talking to her boyfriend.	neutral
the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her.	a man is eating dinner at a restaurant.	contradiction
group of men standing in a meeting room, talking.	a group of men are discussing business.	neutral
group of men standing in a meeting room, talking.	a group of men are scuba diving.	contradiction
group of men standing in a meeting room, talking.	a group of men are talking to each other.	entailment
a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.	a woman is outside	entailment
a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.	the woman is hanging out with her kids	contradiction
a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.	the woman cooked a apple pie	contradiction
a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.	the woman is yelling at the package.	contradiction
a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.	the woman is about to open the package.	entailment
a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.	the woman is smiling at a package.	entailment
a man and a young girl swimming.	a man and girl swim	entailment
a man and a young girl swimming.	a father and daughter swim together	neutral
a man and a young girl swimming.	a mother and son eating lunch	contradiction
a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off.	a woman hurdler trips over a hurdle.	contradiction
a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off.	a long jumper's glasses fall off.	neutral
a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off.	a man's glasses fall off.	entailment
people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city.	a car door has not been shut	entailment
people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city.	someone is blowing up the car with bombs	contradiction
people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city.	people are admiring the car	neutral
a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained.	the man is forty	neutral
a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained.	a man is walking	entailment
a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained.	the man is sitted in the bar	contradiction
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing.	a man is riding a riding a bicycle through the park.	contradiction
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing.	a snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition.	neutral
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing.	a snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat.	entailment
two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.	the ballerinas have words before the recitial.	contradiction
two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.	the players start a fight to continue a previous disagreement.	neutral
two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.	the players vigarously compete in their game.	entailment
three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.	the bridesmaids are assisting the bride.	entailment
three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.	the three women are exercising in an aerobics class.	contradiction
three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.	the people are practicing at a wedding recital.	neutral
man recording a video of a woman.	a woman is unknowing being recorded by a man.	neutral
man recording a video of a woman.	a man is taking a woman on a date.	neutral
man recording a video of a woman.	a woman is being recorded by a man.	entailment
little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game.	a girl is playing the piano in her living room.	contradiction
little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game.	a little boy is wet outside.	entailment
little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game.	a little boy is running through the sprinkler with his friends.	neutral
firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.	the firefighters are eating lunch.	contradiction
firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.	the firefighers are ready to fight a fire.	entailment
firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.	the firefighters are trying to save a child.	neutral
a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger.	a girl and a butterfly	entailment
a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger.	a girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project	neutral
a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger.	a girl drinks a milkshake	contradiction
a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb.	the chef is sleeping in his canoe.	contradiction
a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb.	a chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends.	neutral
a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb.	a human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him.	entailment
three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.	there are people indoors.	entailment
three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.	there are people watching tv	neutral
three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.	three students are studying for a test	neutral
a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.	the gymnast is a woman	entailment
a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.	a gymanst performing	entailment
a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.	the gymnast is taking a shower	contradiction
a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump.	a gymnast is completing her jump.	entailment
a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump.	a gymnastics performer is stretching.	contradiction
a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump.	a gymnast is completing her jump in the finals.	neutral
a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar.	the person with a purple bandanna is taking a nap.	contradiction
a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar.	the brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project.	neutral
a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar.	the person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar.	entailment
a man and a woman cutting dough.	a husband and wife making pizza.	neutral
a man and a woman cutting dough.	some dough being cut by a man and woman.	entailment
a man and a woman cutting dough.	a man and woman eating vegetables.	contradiction
a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.	a young boy wears sandals.	entailment
a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.	a barefoot boy climbs a tree.	contradiction
a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.	a young boy climbs an oak tree.	neutral
a dog catching a frisbee.	an animal is making contact with a toy.	entailment
a dog catching a frisbee.	a puppy has leapt into the air to grab a frisbee.	neutral
a dog catching a frisbee.	an elephant is being trained to catch frisbees.	contradiction
a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.	newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church.	neutral
a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.	newlyweds sitting on a park bench.	contradiction
a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.	a couple walks outdoors together.	entailment
a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	a man in a sweater vest is looking at a limo.	contradiction
a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	a construction worker is looking outside.	neutral
a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.	a construction worker is looking at a car.	entailment
a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.	a man next to a tree.	entailment
a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.	a man pushes a redwood tree in the forest.	entailment
a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.	a man standing on a boat.	contradiction
red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank.	a man wears a white shirt.	entailment
red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank.	a man wears a white tommy hilfiger shirt.	neutral
red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank.	a shirtless man sips coffee at the dinner table.	contradiction
people trying to get warm.	people are trying to warm up.	entailment
people trying to get warm.	people are sleeping.	contradiction
people trying to get warm.	people are outside on a chilly day.	neutral
a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.	a yellow dog is going to the vet.	contradiction
a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.	a yellow dog is running outdoors.	entailment
a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.	a yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field.	neutral
a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building.	a man is sitting on the floor.	contradiction
a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building.	a man is standing with his sons.	neutral
a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building.	a man is standing with two kids.	entailment
a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.	the man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman.	entailment
a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.	the man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman's store.	neutral
a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.	the little boys are flying a kite with the man and the woman.	contradiction
police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone.	a police officer is wearing a large helmet.	neutral
police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone.	a police officer is silent.	contradiction
police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone.	a police officer is moving his mouth.	entailment
a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing.	old lady sitting on a chair.	contradiction
a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing.	girl plays swing	entailment
a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing.	teen girl plays swing with his friend.	neutral
three women are dancing among the bamboo.	a group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo.	neutral
three women are dancing among the bamboo.	a group of men are fencing.	contradiction
three women are dancing among the bamboo.	a group of women dance.	entailment
a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.	a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend	neutral
a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.	a man wearing a hat works on his car	contradiction
a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.	a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture	entailment
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone.	the man is an artist.	neutral
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone.	the man is running from the cop.	contradiction
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone.	the man is sculpting a piece of art.	entailment
a man wearing black carving stone.	the man is wearing white.	contradiction
a man wearing black carving stone.	a man is wearing black.	entailment
a man wearing black carving stone.	the man is very tall.	neutral
a man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope.	a man has damaged something.	entailment
a man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope.	a man has destroyed his airplane	contradiction
a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.	a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels.	entailment
a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.	a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park.	neutral
a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.	a kid in a helmet sleds down a hill.	contradiction
a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it.	a boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage.	entailment
a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it.	a boy watches boats on a lake.	contradiction
a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it.	a boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage.	neutral
a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	the man's pants are red.	contradiction
a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	the man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants.	entailment
a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top	the man and woman are engaged.	neutral
a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street.	the lady in a dress is yelling at the man in the road.	contradiction
a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street.	a young gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the road.	entailment
a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street.	a teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road.	neutral
on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	a man is about to ride in a canoe.	entailment
on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	a man is indoors watching someone canoe on television.	contradiction
on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	a man is about to take a ride in a white canoe.	neutral
two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.	women are eating	entailment
two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.	the women are watching tv at home	contradiction
two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.	the restaurant is crowded	neutral
two young women, one with blond-hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants.	two women are sitting near to green plants	neutral
two young women, one with blond-hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants.	two women are swimming in beach	contradiction
a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.	the woman has black hair.	contradiction
a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.	the woman is naturally a red head.	neutral
a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.	the woman is holding an instrument.	entailment
six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.	people are planting a vegetable garden	neutral
six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.	six people are at the movies.	contradiction
six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.	people are digging up the earth	entailment
a man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him.	a man has dragon tattoos on his arm.	neutral
a man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him.	a man with no tattoos is getting a massage.	contradiction
a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van.	a man in his van because he caught his victim	contradiction
a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van.	a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim	neutral
a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van.	a man standing in front of a van	entailment
two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side.	two people are near a sonoma store.	entailment
two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side.	two people are race car driving.	contradiction
two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side.	a woman has her daughter in a stroller.	neutral
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is one bride.	contradiction
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters.	neutral
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of brides.	entailment
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset.	a boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach.	neutral
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset.	a boy kisses his dog on the beach.	contradiction
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset.	two people are kissing.	entailment
a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.	a baby eating cake celebrating it's birthday.	neutral
a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.	a baby eating cake messily.	entailment
a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.	a baby eating a steak.	contradiction
a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.	the man is performing for money.	neutral
a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.	the man is standing on the platform waiting for a train.	contradiction
a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.	there is a man entertaining outdoors.	neutral
a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.	a woman looking at the camera.	entailment
a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.	a woman not paying attention to the camera	contradiction
a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.	a woman is in a cooking competition	neutral
two butchers are walking through their shop.	the owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop.	neutral
two butchers are walking through their shop.	two workers are preforming their jobs.	entailment
two butchers are walking through their shop.	two butchers are attacking each other in the shop.	contradiction
a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event.	vote sasquatch for president 2016!	contradiction
a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event.	the man speaking is the president of the united states.	neutral
a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event.	a man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd.	entailment
two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter.	people are standing in line at a concert	entailment
two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter.	people are at home sleeping	contradiction
two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter.	girls can stand	entailment
a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.	a girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons.	neutral
a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.	a young girl chases some birds.	contradiction
a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.	a young girl frowns as she drops her ice cream cone.	contradiction
three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.	the horses are scrawny.	neutral
three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.	the people are taking a carriage ride.	entailment
three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.	the oxen are pulling the carriage.	contradiction
black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.	the two teams are both wearing white sneakers.	neutral
black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.	red, and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal.	contradiction
black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.	two teams are playing a sport.	entailment
people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases.	people are descending in a tunnel.	entailment
people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases.	workers are returning from inspection.	neutral
people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases.	people are climbing a mountain.	contradiction
a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	a coach is showing the gymnast how to use the rings.	contradiction
a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	a gymnast is performing a routine on the bars.	entailment
a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.	a young gymnast is performing.	neutral
a man wearing a black coat is walking.	a naked man walking.	contradiction
a man wearing a black coat is walking.	a man walking home.	neutral
a man wearing a black coat is walking.	a man wearing a coat.	entailment
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing.	entailment
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play.	neutral
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing with machine guns.	neutral
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass.	a squirrel runs in the grass.	contradiction
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass.	a squirrel sits in the grass.	entailment
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass.	a squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day.	neutral
a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.	three men bother a bull as people watch.	entailment
a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.	a man rides horseback in the field.	contradiction
a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.	a fair is filled with crowds of adults and children.	neutral
a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.	a girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth.	neutral
a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.	a girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth.	entailment
a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.	a boy is going on a jog in a park.	contradiction
an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand.	a tall person standing	neutral
an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand.	nobody is standing	contradiction
an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand.	a person standing	entailment
a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence.	a boy with a toy	entailment
a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence.	a kid digging a large hole	contradiction
a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence.	a kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun	neutral
a group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field.	there are at least 2 people.	entailment
a group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field.	the group of people are flying in the air on their unicorns.	contradiction
a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall.	the photographer is taking a picture of an old man.	neutral
a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall.	the photographer is taking a photo of a dog.	contradiction
a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall.	the man is getting his picture taken.	entailment
a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.	a man is in a building cleaning.	entailment
a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.	the man is referring a floor cleaner battle.	contradiction
a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.	a man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill.	neutral
a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.	the dog is jumping.	entailment
a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.	the dog is at the beach	neutral
a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.	the dog likes to play catch.	neutral
two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.	two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience.	contradiction
two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.	two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class.	neutral
two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.	two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience.	entailment
two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.	paper is being held up to a camera.	entailment
two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.	two men are sitting watching a movie.	contradiction
two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.	he takes a photo of the piece of paper.	entailment
a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on.	the man is riding a motorcycle across the street.	contradiction
a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on.	the man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle.	neutral
a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on.	a man is walking across an intersection.	entailment
a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	the man on a bike was rude to the photographer.	entailment
a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	the photographer has angered that bike rider somehow.	neutral
a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	the bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly.	contradiction
a tour bus parked in a park.	there is a buss in this picture	entailment
a tour bus parked in a park.	the buss is stopping for some picture breaks for the tourists	neutral
a tour bus parked in a park.	the buss is in a pool	contradiction
a man is standing in the doorway of a building.	the man is walking into a room.	neutral
a man is standing in the doorway of a building.	a woman is standing in the doorway of a building.	contradiction
a man is standing in the doorway of a building.	a man is in a building.	entailment
a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it.	a dog is in the kitchen with an woman.	entailment
a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it.	the dog is begging for a treat.	neutral
a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it.	the dog is decorating the gingerbread house.	contradiction
a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.	woman views paintings with two girls at her feet.	entailment
a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.	woman kicks children sitting by her feet .	contradiction
a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.	woman takes a break at a museum while her children sit by her feet.	neutral
construction workers on lifts working on a building.	there are men working on a building.	entailment
construction workers on lifts working on a building.	men are repairing the gutters on a house.	neutral
construction workers on lifts working on a building.	one man is painting a billboard.	contradiction
three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed.	a man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench.	neutral
three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed.	three black men yelling at each other.	contradiction
three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed.	a group of men talking.	entailment
a white woman waiting in line.	the woman is eating dinner.	contradiction
a white woman waiting in line.	there is a female waiting for a friend.	neutral
a white woman waiting in line.	the woman is standing around waiting.	entailment
a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.	the man caries the girl	contradiction
a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.	the girls are sister	neutral
a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.	the girl is little	entailment
a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.	a woman and her husband are at a baseball game.	neutral
a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.	a couple are riding a rollercoaster.	contradiction
a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.	two people, one with a hat, can see baseball from where they are.	entailment
people are sitting at tables.	a man takes photos of a dog.	contradiction
people are sitting at tables.	people are seated at tables.	entailment
people are sitting at tables.	people are seated at tables at a wedding reception.	neutral
scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness.	scientists are working on a cure	entailment
scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness.	a group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads	neutral
scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness.	a group of scientists walks into a bar, and order a drink, then sit down and drink it.	contradiction
two men are looking through microscopes in a room.	there are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities.	neutral
two men are looking through microscopes in a room.	there are men using scientific instruments.	entailment
two men are looking through microscopes in a room.	the men are watching tv in a room.	contradiction
a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on.	a mountaineer is standing on a mountain.	entailment
a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on.	a person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark.	neutral
a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on.	a man is drinking hot cocoa inside a lodge.	contradiction
a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.	the woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing, as well as the filthy old truck.	neutral
a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.	the woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust, as she has never seen anything so dirty.	contradiction
a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.	the truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning, as it's surrounded in mud.	entailment
a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.	women dislikes rain, but walks through it anyway	neutral
a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.	women walks through the rain	entailment
a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.	woman walks down street on sunny day	contradiction
a bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	the man is bald.	entailment
a bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	the bald man got out of a red truck.	contradiction
a bald man is getting out of a small blue car.	the man drives a blue car.	neutral
woman adjusting her eyeglasses.	woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading.	neutral
woman adjusting her eyeglasses.	woman fixes her hair.	contradiction
woman adjusting her eyeglasses.	woman adjusts her glasses.	entailment
a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.	a happy man is picking up a pear.	entailment
a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.	a man is pushing a hand truck.	entailment
a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.	a man is pushing a pear and picking up boxes.	contradiction
a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.	a boy is with a ball.	entailment
a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.	a girl is wearing a sweater.	contradiction
a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.	a boy is with a soccer ball.	neutral
a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake.	a man stands alone on a beach.	contradiction
a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake.	a couple on vacation.	neutral
a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake.	a couple holds hands on the shore.	entailment
a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.	the men are on the beach.	entailment
a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.	the men just met today.	neutral
a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.	the men are at the mal.	contradiction
a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand	entailment
a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand	contradiction
a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.	a young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand	entailment
man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow.	the man is at a farm.	neutral
man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow.	the man is at home with his kids.	contradiction
man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow.	the man is outdoors and with animals.	entailment
a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground.	the people are betting money on this match	neutral
a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground.	there are people wrestling	entailment
a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground.	the people are relaxing in their livingrooms	contradiction
two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.	there are multiple people present.	entailment
two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.	the workers are brothers.	neutral
two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.	the workers are wearing black.	contradiction
a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.	the man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear.	neutral
a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.	there is a man working.	entailment
a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.	the man does not have any gear on.	contradiction
two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	a man throwing a stretcher.	contradiction
two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	a man on a stretcher.	entailment
two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	a man on a stretcher after falling from the third floor.	neutral
three children are playing on a swing in the garden.	there are children outside.	entailment
three children are playing on a swing in the garden.	three children are playing on a blue swing set.	neutral
three children are playing on a swing in the garden.	three children are swimming in a pool.	contradiction
three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.	three kids on a swing set	entailment
three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.	three kids in chairs taking tests	contradiction
three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.	three kids play at recess	neutral
a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head.	a man is going to kick another man	entailment
a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head.	a kitten drinks milk	contradiction
a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head.	a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch	neutral
a child looks at a cactus garden.	a child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert.	neutral
a child looks at a cactus garden.	a child is looking at a red wall.	contradiction
a child looks at a cactus garden.	a human is looking at plants.	entailment
a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing.	two people sit together	entailment
a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing.	two people running a race	contradiction
a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing.	two people tell jokes	neutral
a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby.	a man and woman show off their baby.	entailment
a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby.	a man shows off his baseball cards.	contradiction
a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby.	the kid loves his new sibling.	neutral
a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow.	a crowd of people gathers in a street n winter time.	entailment
a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow.	sasquatch is riding a bike on the street.	contradiction
a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow.	it is cold and snowy outside.	neutral
the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.	the three young children are playing inside.	contradiction
the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.	the three young children are throwing the toilet paper around.	neutral
the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.	the three young children are outside.	entailment
two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.	there are three ladies playing in the fountain.	contradiction
two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.	the men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain.	neutral
two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.	there are people in the fountain.	entailment
two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind.	nobody has a shirt	contradiction
two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind.	a person in a shirt	entailment
two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind.	a tall child in a shirt	neutral
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is walking empty handed.	contradiction
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is carrying a bag.	entailment
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is carrying a bag full of bread.	neutral
men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.	men are dancing in the rain.	contradiction
men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.	it's raining heavily on a group of men.	neutral
men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.	men are getting wet with the rain.	entailment
three men are looking forward and laughing.	three men find something funny.	entailment
three men are looking forward and laughing.	three men are laughing at a joke	neutral
three men are looking forward and laughing.	three men are sleeping	contradiction
a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.	a woman covers part of her face.	entailment
a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.	a woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert lights.	contradiction
a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.	a woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching.	neutral
people standing at street corner in france.	some people are taking a tour of the factory.	contradiction
people standing at street corner in france.	a group of people wait to cross a parisian street.	neutral
people standing at street corner in france.	there are people outside.	entailment
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	three kids are taking a batch	neutral
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	some kids play in some foam	entailment
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	adults at a foam party	contradiction
a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos.	the person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave.	neutral
a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos.	a person is driving an airplane over the mountains.	contradiction
a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos.	the crowd is admiring the person water-skiing.	entailment
a couple is taking a break from bicycling.	a couple are racing each other on their bikes.	contradiction
a couple is taking a break from bicycling.	a couple sit next to their bikes.	neutral
a couple is taking a break from bicycling.	two people park their bikes.	neutral
a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands.	a man and woman look at their hands in front of a building	entailment
a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands.	a husband and wife look at their hands	neutral
a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands.	two men look at each others hands	contradiction
a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.	the two friends are reunited after years apart	neutral
a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.	the very differently dressed men sit next to each other	neutral
a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.	they run away from each other quickly	contradiction
a white dog is running on a rocky beach.	it is daytime.	neutral
a white dog is running on a rocky beach.	the dog is white.	entailment
a white dog is running on a rocky beach.	a dog is on the beach.	entailment
commuters wait for to cross a street.	a diver flips in mid-air.	contradiction
commuters wait for to cross a street.	there is a street.	entailment
commuters wait for to cross a street.	they wait to cross main street.	neutral
a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	a man is on a golf course.	neutral
a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	a man wearing pants is walking toward a golf ball.	contradiction
a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.	a man is preparing to strike a golf ball.	entailment
three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches.	people are biking outdoors.	entailment
three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches.	people are surfing.	contradiction
three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches.	people are in a bike race.	neutral
a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog.	the person is outside.	entailment
a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog.	the person is inside.	contradiction
a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog.	they are walking their dog.	entailment
a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks.	a man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church	neutral
a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks.	a man is wearing a black shirt	contradiction
a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks.	a man is wearing a white shirt	entailment
two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	babies are asleep	entailment
two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	twins are asleep	neutral
two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.	babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a florida beach	contradiction
three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform.	three men in red uniforms playing soccer.	contradiction
three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform.	three men playing soccer.	entailment
three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform.	an intense game of soccer at the world cup.	neutral
the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.	a woman hunts for treasure.	contradiction
the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.	a man digs to see what he can find.	entailment
the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.	a man is digging for gold.	neutral
this is a clown at an elementary school.	the children at this school defintely all love clowns.	neutral
this is a clown at an elementary school.	the clown is at a children's school.	entailment
this is a clown at an elementary school.	the clown is there to entertain.	neutral
a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.	a woman is being fitted.	entailment
a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.	a woman is being fitted for the first time.	neutral
a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.	a woman got married.	neutral
a man is standing outside next to a garbage can.	a guy stands next to a trashcan.	entailment
a man is standing outside next to a garbage can.	a young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can.	neutral
a man is standing outside next to a garbage can.	an owl sits in a tree late at night.	contradiction
a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.	the young woman is wearing a helmet.	neutral
a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.	the young woman is riding a unicycle.	contradiction
a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.	a young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court.	entailment
a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees.	the dogs belong to the man	neutral
a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees.	a man walking dogs	entailment
a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees.	the wolves are killing the man	contradiction
a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	the girl with the dark hair is running in the sand.	entailment
a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	the dark haired girl is running away from a wave.	neutral
a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.	the dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street.	contradiction
two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.	two men sit in the snow and smoke.	contradiction
two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.	a couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat.	entailment
two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.	two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day.	neutral
a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	people are wearing sandals	entailment
a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	they are going for a walk	entailment
a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.	the man in workboots walked alone	contradiction
a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.	the basketball player is taking a foul shot.	neutral
a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.	the basketball player is sitting on the bench.	contradiction
a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.	there is a basketball game.	entailment
a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.	a lady in black leather trench coat, with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders	entailment
a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.	several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade.	neutral
a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.	some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building	neutral
birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.	a man fishing at a harbor.	contradiction
birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.	seagulls flying over the ocean.	neutral
birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.	birds flying above a body of water.	entailment
person parasailing with a board in the ocean.	this person is in the ocean.	entailment
person parasailing with a board in the ocean.	this person is looking at other people.	neutral
person parasailing with a board in the ocean.	this person is exploring mars.	contradiction
people gathered around a table with food and wine on it.	a man is riding a bicycle down the large hill.	contradiction
people gathered around a table with food and wine on it.	the family is sitting at thanksgiving dinner, preparing to dine together.	neutral
people gathered around a table with food and wine on it.	food and wine are on the table that has many people surrounding it.	entailment
a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball.	a red shirted batter hits the pitch.	entailment
a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball.	a baseball game is going on in a park.	neutral
a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball.	a naked man hit a baseball.	contradiction
man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall.	two men are in a shopping mall.	entailment
man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall.	two clowns are performing at a mall.	neutral
man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall.	two men are driving in the rain.	contradiction
two men in conversation while sitting at a bar.	two men in conversation while sitting on the beach.	contradiction
two men in conversation while sitting at a bar.	some people in conversation while sitting at a bar.	entailment
two men in conversation while sitting at a bar.	two men in conversation.	entailment
two men fixing a bicycle.	two men fix a bicycle.	entailment
two men fixing a bicycle.	two men work on a motorcycle.	contradiction
two men fixing a bicycle.	two men fix their bicycle.	entailment
a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background.	a man is trying to be closer to mature nature	neutral
a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background.	a man is resting in a hammock	contradiction
a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background.	a man is resting in a stream	entailment
a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch.	a person in a uniform	entailment
a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch.	a tall person in a uniform	neutral
a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch.	nobody has a uniform	contradiction
little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.	a boy is playing with toys.	entailment
little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.	a boy is playing his xbox.	contradiction
little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.	a boy is playing with his scale model train.	neutral
two men walking in summer attire.	two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking.	contradiction
two men walking in summer attire.	two men are walking.	entailment
two men walking in summer attire.	two men are walking down the sidewalk.	neutral
an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street.	an older man sleeps in a hospital bed.	contradiction
an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street.	a man is sleeping outside.	entailment
an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street.	a man is looking at the ground.	contradiction
a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body.	the man was laying by the pool.	contradiction
a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body.	a man was swimming in the pool.	entailment
a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body.	the man competed in the swimming competition.	neutral
cars and people are outside of "hotel carmel."	the hotel stands empty and abandoned with no one in site.	contradiction
cars and people are outside of "hotel carmel."	people get out of cars for the party at hotel carmel.	neutral
cars and people are outside of "hotel carmel."	automobiles and humans are outside the hotel.	entailment
a boy in an orange "spring hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.	a boy pitches the ball.	entailment
a boy in an orange "spring hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.	a girl plays basketball.	contradiction
a boy in an orange "spring hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.	a boy plays pitcher for the first time.	neutral
two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.	the men are paddling a canoe down a river	contradiction
two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.	the two men are carrying a canoe	entailment
two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.	the men are stealing a canoe	neutral
two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office.	the women are enemies.	neutral
two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office.	the women are not talking to each other.	contradiction
two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office.	the women are speaking to each other.	entailment
a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.	a woman is doing arithmetic at home.	contradiction
a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.	a woman is outside.	entailment
a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.	a woman skis down a hill with a few friends.	neutral
two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area.	two girls are sleeping	contradiction
two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area.	two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow	entailment
two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area.	two girls are playing	entailment
two fans are cheering at a sporting event.	two men are cheering on the new york yankees.	neutral
two fans are cheering at a sporting event.	three gals are doing their makeup.	contradiction
two fans are cheering at a sporting event.	two people are making noises.	entailment
a man and a child are laughing at each other.	two people are laughing.	entailment
a man and a child are laughing at each other.	a man and his daughter are making funny faces.	neutral
a man and a child are laughing at each other.	a man is talking on the phone while his teenage son is asleep.	contradiction
a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.	the man eats pants	contradiction
a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.	the water flies off of the dog	entailment
a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.	the dog will return to the lake soon	neutral
a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.	the group of protesters are ordering ice cream in a store.	contradiction
a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.	some people are holding up signs of protest in the street.	entailment
a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.	the group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage.	neutral
a person swimming in a swimming pool.	a person embraces the cold	neutral
a person swimming in a swimming pool.	a person is trying not to get wet	contradiction
a person swimming in a swimming pool.	a person enjoying the waters	neutral
a boy with no shirt is standing in water.	he is outside.	neutral
a boy with no shirt is standing in water.	the boy is sitting on the couch.	contradiction
a boy with no shirt is standing in water.	he is wearing sunscreen.	neutral
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas.	the man sketched on paper.	entailment
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas.	the man sketched on paper for his girlfriend.	neutral
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas.	the woman drew on canvas.	contradiction
the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.	a red kyak is being ridden.	contradiction
the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.	a guy is working out in the gym.	contradiction
the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.	a kayak is being ridden.	entailment
two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating.	a group of women is drinking wine.	contradiction
two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating.	two men at a party are inspecting the appetizers.	neutral
two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating.	there are two men with food.	entailment
a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people.	a big person in a shirt	neutral
a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people.	a person in a shirt	entailment
a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people.	nobody has a shirt on	contradiction
two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.	two ladies nap on a bench	entailment
two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.	two ladies take a rest after a race	neutral
two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.	two ladies jumping for joy	contradiction
a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside.	a person outside	entailment
a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside.	a person standing	entailment
a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside.	a person laying down	contradiction
man sitting on a bench, reading a book.	a man is doing something outside.	neutral
man sitting on a bench, reading a book.	a male reads a book while seated on a bench.	entailment
man sitting on a bench, reading a book.	a man is going for a run.	contradiction
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a business phone call.	neutral
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a phone call in an office environment.	entailment
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is sleeping in an elevator.	contradiction
the large white bird grazes the water.	the bird is in a tiny cage	contradiction
the large white bird grazes the water.	he is searching for fish	neutral
the large white bird grazes the water.	the bird is touching the water	entailment
a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall.	a woman is pointing her camera upwards, while standing at a wall.	entailment
a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall.	a woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky.	neutral
a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall.	a woman is holding a hot dog, sitting on a brick wall.	contradiction
two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat.	two men are on a boat going to catch fish.	neutral
two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat.	two men are on a boat.	entailment
two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat.	two men are driving a car in a forest.	contradiction
an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.	a young woman and old man are playing poker.	contradiction
an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.	an old woman and young man are playing bingo.	entailment
an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.	a woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won	neutral
a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her.	a woman is standing with her back to a dog.	contradiction
a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her.	a woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival.	neutral
a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her.	there are people surrounding each other.	entailment
a moving truck with a ramp still attached.	a moving truck ready to move more belongings.	neutral
a moving truck with a ramp still attached.	a moving truck being disassembled.	contradiction
a moving truck with a ramp still attached.	a truck with a ramp attached.	entailment
a boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously.	a boy is playing a game.	entailment
a boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously.	a boy is on his bike.	contradiction
two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk.	two older men walk down a defaced street	entailment
two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk.	they hope to clean up the street together	neutral
two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk.	they propel themselves down the street with rockets	contradiction
a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.	the traffic made a guy fall asleep.	neutral
a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.	a person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic.	entailment
a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.	the traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap.	contradiction
3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background	some girls are watching cartoons.	contradiction
3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background	some men are posing with their gold medals.	neutral
3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background	some people are having their photo taken.	entailment
two men working in a small factory.	two men in a tool plant.	neutral
two men working in a small factory.	two women having lunch.	contradiction
two men working in a small factory.	men working in a factory.	entailment
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo.	cowboy feeding his horse	contradiction
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo.	cowboy competing in a rodeo	entailment
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo.	cowboy riding his horse	entailment
a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.	a man is skiing on a warm day.	neutral
a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.	a man is bundled up against the cold as he skis.	contradiction
a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.	there is a man on skis.	entailment
while the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football.	a kicker kicks off the game while the players mingle to surprise the other team.	neutral
while the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football.	a ball is kicked while players mingle.	entailment
a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.	a kid draws a picture of a girl	entailment
a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.	a kid paints a picture	entailment
a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.	a kid draws a picture of his crush	neutral
people in chairs around a table	the people are eating dinner.	neutral
people in chairs around a table	the people have eybrows.	neutral
people in chairs around a table	the people are climbing a mountain.	contradiction
a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign.	a person riding a bike home after work.	neutral
a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign.	a person riding a bike outside.	entailment
a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign.	a person riding a skateboard down a steep hill.	contradiction
a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags.	a lady is taking a bath	contradiction
a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags.	a lady just finished shopping	neutral
a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags.	a lady has her arms full	entailment
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	the little boy is the ring bearer.	neutral
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	there is a bride and groom behind the little boy.	entailment
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	the little boy is laying on his head.	contradiction
a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.	a blue jacketed boy is skating down the street.	entailment
a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.	a blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street.	neutral
a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.	a blue jacketed boy is standing in football field.	contradiction
a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.	a man is fishing.	entailment
a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.	a man is playing golf with his friends.	contradiction
a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.	a man is fishing on a boat.	neutral
a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer	the soccer players compete in the championship	neutral
a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer	they give up and walk off the field	contradiction
a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer	the two soccer players run around chasing each other	entailment
a man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.	a man in green threw his soccer ball at the dog.	contradiction
a man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.	a man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down.	entailment
a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.	a man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands	neutral
a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.	a man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands	contradiction
a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.	a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands	entailment
a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.	a man and a woman are seated	contradiction
a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.	a man and a woman are standing	entailment
a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.	a man and a woman are talking	neutral
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds.	she is indoors.	contradiction
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds.	the girl is gardening.	entailment
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds.	the girl is destroying plant life.	entailment
a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	the season is fall.	neutral
a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	the girl is outside.	entailment
a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	the girl is on a beach.	contradiction
people looking at dirty water.	people are looking at water.	entailment
people looking at dirty water.	a mountain is full of snow.	contradiction
people looking at dirty water.	people are trying to see fish.	neutral
a number of cute asian children playing tambourines	a group of cute asian children are playing tambourines	entailment
a number of cute asian children playing tambourines	a group of cute asian children are beating on tambourines	entailment
a number of cute asian children playing tambourines	a group of cute asian children are playing trumpets	contradiction
family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.	two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass.	neutral
family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.	no one is sitting in the field of grass.	contradiction
family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.	the family is outside.	entailment
two young boys playing with ducks near the water.	two young friends play with ducks	entailment
two young boys playing with ducks near the water.	young kids play with animals	entailment
two young boys playing with ducks near the water.	two young boys are playing at home	contradiction
a squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road.	a squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road.	entailment
a squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road.	a squirrel is sleeping in the tree.	contradiction
a man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff.	the man is attempting suicide.	contradiction
a man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff.	a man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff.	contradiction
a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks.	a little girl is outside.	entailment
a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks.	a little girl is wearing a pink dress.	contradiction
a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks.	a little girl is wearing a dress.	entailment
a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street.	there is a group near a store.	entailment
a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street.	a group of people are considering whether to shop at the store.	neutral
two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	this is an official boxing match	neutral
two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	two people fighting each other	entailment
two people kickboxing, with others spectating.	two people ticking each other	contradiction
one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him.	two men are by the river	entailment
one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him.	a father and son are fishing together	neutral
one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him.	a man is in the desert	contradiction
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.	men talking, while catching fish.	neutral
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.	guys at a campsite, building a fire.	contradiction
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.	a man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing.	entailment
a man and a woman sitting down laughing.	the man and woman are mad at each other.	contradiction
a man and a woman sitting down laughing.	the man and woman are having a good time.	entailment
a man and a woman sitting down laughing.	the man and woman are husband and wife.	neutral
a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.	there are people outdoors.	entailment
a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.	a news crew investigates a double homicide, while the police place tape outside.	neutral
a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.	a news crew's van has broken down, so they decide to stay home.	contradiction
a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.	a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket.	entailment
a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.	a boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track.	contradiction
a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.	a boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend.	neutral
women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.	the women are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods.	contradiction
women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.	the women posing are models.	neutral
women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.	the women are dressed nicely.	neutral
five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.	five sisters wearing red and black attire are getting ready to take a family portrait.	neutral
five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.	a group of women are dressed alike.	entailment
five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.	five women wearing red formal ball gowns are standing together.	contradiction
cheerleaders pose for the camera.	the cheerleaders are getting their picture taken.	entailment
cheerleaders pose for the camera.	they are at a photo shoot.	neutral
cheerleaders pose for the camera.	the cheerleaders are not posing.	contradiction
three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.	a group of women are cleaning a house.	contradiction
three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.	there is a group of women a the deli.	entailment
three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.	a grandmother, a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli.	neutral
a woman and little girl look into a display case.	a women is sitting alone on a couch with no other human around.	contradiction
a woman and little girl look into a display case.	a women is buying a little girl a present.	neutral
a woman and little girl look into a display case.	a women and little girl are looking at something.	entailment
a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	a man skis in the wilderness while it's snowing	neutral
a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	the man is seated	contradiction
a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.	a man skis in the wilderness	entailment
a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet.	a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game	entailment
a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet.	a photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game	entailment
a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet.	a photographer is taking x-rays of a hockey game	contradiction
two dogs wearing muzzles are running.	two dogs are eating	contradiction
two dogs wearing muzzles are running.	the dogs are running away	neutral
two dogs wearing muzzles are running.	there are dogs with muzzles	entailment
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house.	neutral
construction worker working on a structure	a worker is working on a building.	neutral
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer.	contradiction
a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.	a crowd sees flames.	entailment
a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.	a crowd gathers to watch a street performer.	contradiction
a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.	a crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire.	entailment
a group of people sitting around a table eating food.	people are at a table eating christmas dinner.	neutral
a group of people sitting around a table eating food.	a person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch.	contradiction
a group of people sitting around a table eating food.	people are at a table eating food.	entailment
a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.	a boy is playing guitar.	entailment
a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.	a boy is singing.	neutral
a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.	a boy is playing piano.	contradiction
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange.	the sports fans are wearing a certain color.	entailment
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange.	the sports fans are wearing orange shirts.	entailment
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange.	the sports fans are wearing yellow.	contradiction
a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.	child blows up a balloon.	contradiction
a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.	child watches woman playing with equipment.	entailment
a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.	mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son.	neutral
two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home.	neutral
two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos.	neutral
two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.	two small boys draw picturees of trees outside in the grass.	contradiction
a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people.	a man in an empty park	contradiction
a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people.	a man is a comedian	neutral
a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people.	a man talking to a crowd	entailment
an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.	the teenager is seated.	entailment
an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.	the teenager is sliding down the railing.	contradiction
an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.	the teenager is sitting down to think for a bit.	neutral
a girl jumping high off of the sand.	there is a girl on the sand.	entailment
a girl jumping high off of the sand.	the girl is jogging on the beach.	contradiction
man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	there is someone sleeping on the couch.	entailment
man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	the man fell asleep wearing his shoes.	neutral
man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	the man is sitting there watching tv	contradiction
a picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area.	a man is being carried by birds.	entailment
a picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area.	the picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur's back.	contradiction
a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.	a lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.	contradiction
a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.	a man plays an instruement with his eyes closed	entailment
a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.	the man is playing an old favorite tune on the flugelhorn.	neutral
a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.	a happy woman is holding rope.	entailment
a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.	a woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped.	neutral
a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.	a female acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus.	contradiction
a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer.	a man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop	entailment
a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer.	a woman adjusts her bra	contradiction
a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer.	a man adjusts his new tie in front of a laptop	entailment
man is shaving in the mirror.	the man has no facial hair.	contradiction
man is shaving in the mirror.	the man's beard is quite long.	neutral
man is shaving in the mirror.	the man has a beard.	neutral
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	three boys hold baseball gloves.	entailment
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	three boys are holding gloves.	entailment
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	three boys are preparing for their big game that is about to start.	neutral
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	the three boys swing baseball bats	contradiction
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.	three boys play volleyball as others watch them.	contradiction
two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site.	the workers are making coffee inside.	contradiction
two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site.	the workers are climbing to build the steeple.	neutral
two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site.	two workers are climbing a building.	entailment
construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.	construction workers are brave.	neutral
construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.	construction workers are having fun smashing windows.	contradiction
construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.	construction workers are making repairs.	neutral
two people climbing up some sort of wore structure.	two people climb up a structure	entailment
two people climbing up some sort of wore structure.	two people race up a structure	neutral
two people climbing up some sort of wore structure.	two people take a ship to the moon	contradiction
two men with tan hats working in a garden.	the women in dainty dresses look out over the farm.	contradiction
two men with tan hats working in a garden.	two men are tending to the garden.	entailment
two men with tan hats working in a garden.	the men with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops.	neutral
a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass.	a group of kids poked at the two small turtles.	entailment
a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass.	a group of kids were playing in the grass.	entailment
a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass.	a group of adults went to the casino.	contradiction
children are petting small turtles in the grass.	the children are playing with turtles.	entailment
children are petting small turtles in the grass.	the sea turtles are inside the aquarium.	contradiction
children are petting small turtles in the grass.	the turtles are walking across the grass.	neutral
woman standing in a store with an item in hand.	a woman in a store is shopping.	neutral
woman standing in a store with an item in hand.	a woman is in the store.	entailment
a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.	the woman is very good at hula hooping.	neutral
a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.	a woman is painted with yellow body paint.	contradiction
a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.	a woman is painted green while holding a hula hoop.	entailment
two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers.	women perform.	entailment
two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers.	people are nearby.	entailment
two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers.	irises bloom paisley.	contradiction
the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.	a boxer is kayaking.	contradiction
the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.	tennis player is playing tennis.	entailment
the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.	the tennis player is winning the game.	neutral
a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.	a policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car.	neutral
a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.	a person is on a bike.	contradiction
a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.	the fireman is sitting in his truck.	contradiction
three dogs run through the grass.	three dogs run through the dead, brown grass.	neutral
three dogs run through the grass.	three dogs sleep in the shade of an old tree.	contradiction
three dogs run through the grass.	three dogs run.	entailment
two girls are kneeling on the ground.	two girls kneel together on the ground.	entailment
two girls are kneeling on the ground.	two girls kneel on the ground looking for a ring one had dropped.	neutral
two girls are kneeling on the ground.	two girls stand around the vending machines.	contradiction
a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.	a young boy and girl embrace in front of monkeys at the zoo.	contradiction
a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.	a drunk looking couple embracing.	entailment
a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.	a drunk looking woman in a yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a red sox shirt.	neutral
a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river.	the people are from the same family.	neutral
a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river.	several people are standing outside near water.	entailment
a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river.	the amish group are running through a field.	contradiction
a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team.	a man tries to tackle a player in a nfl game.	neutral
a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team.	a man tries to tackle a player in a game of football.	entailment
a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team.	a man throws the first pitch in a baseball game.	contradiction
a boy and a girl stand in a median amongst mike huckabee signs.	the boy and girl stand on the lakeshore.	contradiction
a boy and a girl stand in a median amongst mike huckabee signs.	two people stand on a median with advertising signs.	entailment
a man is hanging sausages in a market.	a sad man is hanging sausages in a market.	neutral
a man is hanging sausages in a market.	a woman is hanging sausages in a market.	contradiction
a man is hanging sausages in a market.	a person is hanging sausages in a market.	entailment
people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.	the people are business associates.	neutral
people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.	the people are dressed in business clothing.	entailment
people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.	the people are dressed in street clothes.	contradiction
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.	the man is standing inside a restaurant.	contradiction
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.	the man is playing music outdoors.	entailment
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.	the man is playing a saxophone.	neutral
a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	a tattooed man clicking on a mouse on a desk.	contradiction
a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	a large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	neutral
a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	a woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.	entailment
a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.	the person is doing a job for someone.	neutral
a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.	the person is wading through water.	contradiction
a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.	the person is walking outside.	entailment
a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.	lady is searching for food in garbage	neutral
a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.	lady digs through garbage	entailment
a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.	lady is making burger for her kids	contradiction
a man and woman look upward on a city block.	a man and woman are scuba diving.	contradiction
a man and woman look upward on a city block.	a man and woman are on a boat.	contradiction
a man and woman look upward on a city block.	a man and woman are in a metropolitan area.	entailment
the black woman is laying out literature.	the black woman is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grill.	contradiction
the black woman is laying out literature.	a woman is placing pamphlets on a display table.	neutral
the black woman is laying out literature.	a black woman is handling printed material.	entailment
a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	a member of the army walks his dog.	neutral
a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	a member of the army walks a german shepard.	entailment
a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.	a member of the army practices his sniping skills.	contradiction
some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.	no one was able to drive to the camp site.	contradiction
some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.	cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain.	entailment
four young boys flexing for the camera.	for boys are flexing	entailment
four young boys flexing for the camera.	4 women are dancing	contradiction
four young boys flexing for the camera.	they are friends	neutral
the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.	a firefighter rescues a cat from a house fire.	contradiction
the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.	a firefighter is about to put out a fire.	entailment
the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.	a male firefighter checks his hose before using it.	neutral
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.	a man rides a bike for the first time	neutral
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.	a bike rides a man for its first time	neutral
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.	a man rides a bike	entailment
a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws.	a boy and his father speak to santa claus	entailment
a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws.	a girl and his father speak to santa claus	contradiction
a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws.	a boy and his father discuss christmas with santa claus	neutral
a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.	a man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car.	neutral
a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.	a man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone.	entailment
a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.	a man orders a beer and relaxes.	contradiction
two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight.	outdoor daytime scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding.	entailment
two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight.	a school class visits the museum of modern art.	contradiction
two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight.	the men are very careful on the scaffold.	neutral
a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.	a little boy is eating cake	entailment
a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.	a boy is eating cake	entailment
a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.	a girl is eating cake	contradiction
a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand.	a child has chocolate all over his hand	entailment
a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand.	a child is eating vegetables	contradiction
a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand.	a child eats food with his hands	entailment
a man in a hard hat looks intimidated.	he is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat.	entailment
a man in a hard hat looks intimidated.	he exclaims that he's done with this work, sprouts wings, and flies away.	contradiction
a man in a hard hat looks intimidated.	the man is the foreman of the construction site.	neutral
six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table.	a man and a young boy are playing a game on a quilt on the floor.	contradiction
six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table.	books are strewn on a table as women look through them.	entailment
six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table.	women are looking at books on sale at a library.	neutral
children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	turtles are crawling in the light green grass.	neutral
children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	turtles are crawling in the green grass.	entailment
children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.	turtles are crawling in the white grass.	entailment
an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.	a child blocks a goal.	entailment
an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.	a child blocks a goal with his hockey stick.	contradiction
an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.	a child blocks a goal with his head.	neutral
four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.	four people sitting by the water.	entailment
four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.	four people sitting near the ocean.	neutral
four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.	four people sitting on a yacht.	contradiction
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	a women is skiing of the mountain.	contradiction
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	a long haired guy is working with sand.	entailment
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	a guy is in a sand castle building competition.	neutral
a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium.	a volleyball team is performing in a national competition.	neutral
a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium.	a volleyball team is at a beach celebrating.	contradiction
a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium.	a sports team is in a gym.	entailment
a young lady toying with her watch.	a woman is adjusting the time on her watch.	neutral
a young lady toying with her watch.	a woman is fidgeting.	entailment
a young lady toying with her watch.	a woman is fidgeting with her wallet.	contradiction
a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.	the woman is running through the woods.	contradiction
a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.	the lady is walking to meet up with her date.	neutral
a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.	the woman in a red dress is outdoors.	entailment
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two happy girls get their pictures taken.	neutral
two girls looking into camera and smiling	the weeping girls have their picture painted.	contradiction
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two girls grin into the camera.	entailment
three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background.	the street is dry.	contradiction
three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background.	there is more than one woman in the group.	entailment
three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background.	the women each have umbrellas.	neutral
a woman walking down the street.	a woman is walking to work.	neutral
a woman walking down the street.	a woman rides a bike.	contradiction
a woman walking down the street.	a lady is walking down a street.	entailment
two kids in their pajamas.	a couple of children are wearing pajamas.	entailment
two kids in their pajamas.	two kids are wearing pjs on pajama day at school.	neutral
two kids in their pajamas.	two children are wearing bright bathing suits at the ocean.	contradiction
a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.	a woman is running on the track.	contradiction
a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.	a woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone.	neutral
a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.	a woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk.	entailment
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.	a female is outdoors at a bazaar.	entailment
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.	an indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice.	neutral
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.	an american shops at the supermarket.	contradiction
a lady stands outside of a mexican market.	a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival with friends	neutral
a lady stands outside of a mexican market.	cats enjoy taco	contradiction
a lady stands outside of a mexican market.	a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival	neutral
the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening.	the man is respected.	neutral
the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening.	the man is being given respect.	entailment
the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening.	the man is not talking.	contradiction
an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building.	the building is brick.	contradiction
an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building.	the building is old.	neutral
an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building.	there is a building.	entailment
a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	a street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby.	entailment
a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	a street performer is working with an apprentice.	neutral
a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.	a boy is performing on stage.	contradiction
a group of motorcycles wearing black.	some motorcycles wearing black outside.	entailment
a group of motorcycles wearing black.	few motorcycles in black.	entailment
a group of motorcycles wearing black.	some motorcycles wearing white.	contradiction
there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk.	a person sweeps.	entailment
there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk.	a woman mops.	contradiction
there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk.	the garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled.	neutral
young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him.	hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day.	neutral
young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him.	gandalf and the red toy crab do battle in the streets.	contradiction
young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him.	the older bearded man is indeed gandalf the grey.	contradiction
a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.	men are throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard.	contradiction
a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.	men are reading and milling about.	entailment
a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.	a group of males are outside reading and singing.	neutral
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple.	an asian couple are together.	entailment
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple.	a black couple are eating lunch.	contradiction
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple.	a couple just got married.	neutral
two friends having a laugh.	two friends are laughing at people on the street.	neutral
two friends having a laugh.	two friends are laughing.	entailment
two friends having a laugh.	two friends are having a picnic.	contradiction
a man and a woman are laughing.	a man and woman are laughing at a joke.	neutral
a man and a woman are laughing.	two people are happy.	entailment
a man and a woman are laughing.	two people are crying.	contradiction
a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore.	a man is playing video games on his phone.	contradiction
a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore.	a man is reading a book he just bought.	neutral
a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore.	a man is reading on a bench outside of a store.	entailment
at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink.	people don't know how to skate.	contradiction
at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink.	people are rollerblading for something to do.	neutral
at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink.	people are skating in a park for fun.	neutral
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations.	people are in the mall shopping.	neutral
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations.	people are buying fireworks at a dealer.	contradiction
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations.	people are buying things.	entailment
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.	everybody has a shirt	contradiction
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.	a tall person without a shirt	neutral
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.	a man without a shirt	entailment
a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her.	two babies play in the grass	contradiction
a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her.	a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller	entailment
a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her.	a mom takes a break in a park	neutral
lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train.	the lady is listening to music through headphones.	neutral
lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train.	the lady is reading a book.	contradiction
lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train.	there is a lady with an orange scarf, brown boots, and brown jacket on the train listening to music.	entailment
a yellow car drives across a snowy path.	a yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter.	entailment
a yellow car drives across a snowy path.	a red car is driving on a sunny day.	contradiction
a yellow car drives across a snowy path.	a taxi cab is driving down a path of snow.	neutral
a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him	that man is on a surfboard.	entailment
a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him	the man is riding a flying surfboard.	contradiction
a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him	the man is surfing outdoors.	entailment
a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents.	a crowd of people stand in the street.	entailment
a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents.	a crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train.	contradiction
a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents.	a crowd of people pick through produce at farmer's market.	neutral
four people stand in front of trees.	a group of people inspecting trees for woodpeckers.	neutral
four people stand in front of trees.	four people outdoor.	entailment
four people stand in front of trees.	one guy eating lunch in front of a building.	contradiction
a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event.	the young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors.	neutral
a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event.	no one has attended the outdoor street event.	contradiction
a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event.	the outdoor street event has attracted many people.	entailment
a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.	kid celebrates at a birthday party	neutral
a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.	rent your own bouncy house today	neutral
a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.	here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment.	contradiction
several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand.	the cars are driving through an empty field.	contradiction
several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand.	vehicles are going down a street in thailand.	entailment
several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand.	vehicles are moving.	entailment
elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	the old lady was walking.	neutral
elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	the young lady was walking down the stairs.	contradiction
elderly woman climbing up the stairs.	the old lady was walking up the stairs.	entailment
a man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face.	the man is outside.	entailment
a man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face.	the man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him.	neutral
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.	teens are washing a car.	contradiction
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.	group of teens are doing laundry.	entailment
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.	group of teens are at a laundromat, folding clothes.	neutral
a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow.	a child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes.	entailment
a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow.	a child plays video games inside.	contradiction
a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow.	a child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly.	neutral
an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.	an older man is dancing at a club.	contradiction
an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.	an older man in clothing accessories is cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel.	entailment
an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.	an older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel.	neutral
a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.	the man is in costume	entailment
a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.	the man is at a faire	neutral
a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.	the man is in jeans	contradiction
a young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs.	a girl is climbing up a ladder.	entailment
a young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs.	a girl is climbing up to see scenery.	neutral
a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps.	a group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber.	neutral
a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps.	a group of people are sitting with a dog.	entailment
a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps.	a group of dogs are waiting for their master.	contradiction
a woman in a blue uniform, with long curly red-hair, looking at her horse before the race.	the horse is dead.	contradiction
a woman in a blue uniform, with long curly red-hair, looking at her horse before the race.	the horse has four legs	entailment
the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.	a skateboarder is jumping.	entailment
the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.	two guys are rollerblading.	contradiction
the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.	a skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting.	neutral
a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.	a man is testing out his new miniature boats.	neutral
a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.	a woman is putting on mascara.	contradiction
a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.	a man has hair on his face.	entailment
a farmer tends to his chores.	a farmer sleeps in a hammock.	contradiction
a farmer tends to his chores.	a farmer works on their farm.	entailment
a farmer tends to his chores.	a farmer feeds their cows.	neutral
a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.	a guy is doing snowboard tricks	entailment
a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.	a guy is in a hot, sunny place	contradiction
a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.	a guy is outside in the snow	entailment
twenty five people are marching.	a man plays the trombone on the sidewalk.	neutral
twenty five people are marching.	a marching crowd goes down the street.	neutral
twenty five people are marching.	a big group marches around.	entailment
a older man working at a loom	a young man at the loom.	contradiction
a older man working at a loom	an old man looming some threads.	entailment
a older man working at a loom	an old man inspecting the process of looming.	neutral
four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.	a group of women shopping for a new laptop.	neutral
four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.	a group of men looking at fishing poles.	contradiction
four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.	a group of women looking at laptops together.	entailment
many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart.	women are shopping for computers at a large store.	entailment
many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart.	women are shopping for dell computers.	neutral
many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart.	women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops.	contradiction
a dad with his child and an apple pie.	a dad and his daughter with an blueberry pie.	contradiction
a dad with his child and an apple pie.	a dad and his child are eating apple pie.	entailment
a dad with his child and an apple pie.	a dad is with his child.	entailment
a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.	a woman is in the sunshine.	neutral
a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.	a woman is brushing her hair with a fork.	contradiction
a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.	a woman is reading outside.	neutral
a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.	a boy is holding a watermelon.	contradiction
a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.	a boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin.	neutral
a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.	a child is holding something orange.	entailment
a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water.	the man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill.	neutral
a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water.	a man is wearing a dress while dancing in the park.	contradiction
a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water.	the man wearing a hat is seated, slightly elevated, facing the water.	entailment
a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water.	a dog stands in the water.	entailment
a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water.	two dogs play together at the lake.	neutral
a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water.	the pets sit inside.	contradiction
a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph	a group of people got ran over by a bus.	contradiction
a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph	a group of people are watching a shuttle launch.	neutral
a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph	a group of people are watching something and one takes a picture.	entailment
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a pair of strippers do a dance	neutral
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman wears lingerie.	entailment
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two women don't wear much clothing.	entailment
two small girls are holding stuffed animals.	there are two children in this picture.	entailment
two small girls are holding stuffed animals.	the girls are showing their mother the presents the easter bunny left them in their easter basket.	neutral
two small girls are holding stuffed animals.	the girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street.	contradiction
some children play in the grass outside near a tree.	children playing outside.	entailment
some children play in the grass outside near a tree.	children swimming in a pool.	contradiction
some children play in the grass outside near a tree.	children playing outside climbing trees.	contradiction
a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.	a dog is playing fetch with his owner.	neutral
a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.	a dog is eating from a bright silver bowl.	contradiction
a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.	a dog mouth holds a retrieved ball.	entailment
the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.	two man walking on the road in rain	contradiction
the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.	a orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by, a blue uniform opponent team player	entailment
the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.	two players struggling to get the ball	neutral
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.	the outfits are orange.	neutral
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.	a couple is wearing bright outfits.	entailment
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.	the couple is naked.	contradiction
a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.	a young woman reads near the ocean.	entailment
a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.	a young woman is reading a nicholas sparks book on the beach.	neutral
a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.	a young woman is running through the waves.	contradiction
a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog.	two dogs sleep on the floor.	contradiction
a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog.	two dogs play.	entailment
a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog.	two dogs play with a chew toy.	neutral
an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.	the man is vangogh.	contradiction
an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.	the man is a tattoo artist.	neutral
an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.	the man works with a tattoo business.	entailment
people looking at tall oriental art piece.	the new chinese history exhibit is open at the museum	neutral
people looking at tall oriental art piece.	people are looking at art	entailment
people looking at tall oriental art piece.	people are running a marathon	contradiction
an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate.	an obama supporter is upset that the president lost his second term.	contradiction
an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate.	a man is at a political rally.	neutral
an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate.	someone is cheering for a presidential candidate.	entailment
a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top.	he is a professional musician.	neutral
a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top.	a man is wearing a suit.	entailment
a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top.	the man is wearing a baseball cap.	contradiction
a man examines his facial hair.	the man is sleeping.	contradiction
a man examines his facial hair.	he is deciding whether he should trim his beard.	neutral
a man examines his facial hair.	the man is looking at his face.	entailment
two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center.	people are walking in a road.	contradiction
two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center.	people watching sports.	entailment
two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center.	there are people in a sports center.	entailment
a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.	the cyclist falls down the windy road	neutral
a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.	a cyclist rides down a road	entailment
a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.	the cyclist is not riding	contradiction
an asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets.	an asian shows computers.	entailment
an asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets.	the asian likes mexican food.	contradiction
a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.	a border collie is jumping to catching a toy.	neutral
a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.	a dog is mid-air, jumping to catch a tennis ball.	entailment
a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.	a dog is napping on the bed.	contradiction
a group of people having a conversation.	multiple people talk to each other.	entailment
a group of people having a conversation.	people are talking about politics.	neutral
a group of people having a conversation.	people are washing the dishes.	contradiction
a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.	the man is wearing tan pants.	contradiction
a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.	the man is examining a machine.	entailment
a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.	the man is a repairman.	neutral
the german shepherd runs happily in the park.	dog runs outside.	entailment
the german shepherd runs happily in the park.	dog runs outside with his owner.	neutral
the german shepherd runs happily in the park.	dog lays down outside.	contradiction
a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.	a man is standing in front of flowers.	entailment
a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.	a man just got back from a business trip.	neutral
a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.	thi	contradiction
a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike.	some people are scuba diving.	contradiction
a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike.	a bunch of people are playing a game.	entailment
a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike.	a boy is about to hit a home run.	neutral
three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture.	uniformed people are eating	contradiction
three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture.	uniformed people are observing a scene	entailment
three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture.	uniformed people are outside	entailment
a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.	a man is looking through a microscope	entailment
a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.	a lifeguard sits by the pool	contradiction
a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.	a scientist is inspecting a new strain of virus	neutral
a young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the young boy is playing soccer	neutral
a young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the young boy is wearing black	contradiction
a young boy in green is practicing kicking.	the your boy is excercizing.	entailment
a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box.	a woman packages candy for a friend	neutral
a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box.	a woman sews a dress	contradiction
a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box.	a woman puts candy away	entailment
two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.	a man and woman are kissing in a car.	contradiction
two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.	a man and a woman are performing a song together.	entailment
two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.	the man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar.	neutral
two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	the men are playing basketball with no audience.	entailment
two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	the men are making shots.	neutral
two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.	the men are playing in front of a huge crowd.	contradiction
a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.	a criminal working his way through the transit station	neutral
a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.	a man wearing a white suit at a wedding.	contradiction
a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.	a man walking through a transit station.	entailment
a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.	a man is is an artist teaching art classes	neutral
a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.	a man is at an auto shop.	contradiction
a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.	a man is working on art.	entailment
two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes.	two girls eating cupcakes.	entailment
two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes.	kids eating cupcakes that their mom gave them.	neutral
two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes.	two boys eating cupcakes.	contradiction
a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track.	there is a person driving.	entailment
a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track.	there is a person driving in a tournament.	neutral
a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track.	somebody is driving a boat.	contradiction
the racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate.	the greyhounds are lying down to sleep for the night.	contradiction
the racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate.	the dogs are racing down the track.	entailment
two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road.	the two guys were working outside.	entailment
two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road.	the workers were wearing safty gear.	contradiction
two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road.	the guys drove the work truck through the city.	contradiction
six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting	six people are celebrating halloween.	neutral
six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting	six people are in a hospital.	contradiction
six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting	six people are in a dessert.	entailment
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.	gentleman window shops.	neutral
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.	well dressed looter.	neutral
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.	businessman considers buying a gift.	neutral
two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.	some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing.	neutral
two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.	two women are playing the flute.	contradiction
two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.	two people are drumming.	entailment
a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table.	the woman is standing by a lake.	contradiction
a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table.	a woman near a table.	entailment
a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table.	the female is waiting for her order.	neutral
one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market.	the man is driving down the street.	contradiction
one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market.	the man is delivering items.	neutral
one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market.	the man is standing on a truck.	entailment
a person flying through the air on a bicycle.	a person is riding his bike up the hill.	contradiction
a person flying through the air on a bicycle.	a person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike.	neutral
a person flying through the air on a bicycle.	a person is on a bike.	entailment
the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.	brown and black dogs carrying a big log in the meadow to show their owner.	neutral
the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.	dogs carrying a big log in a meadow.	entailment
the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.	dogs running through a puddle of water.	contradiction
two men renovate a brick wall outside.	both of the men are on break.	contradiction
two men renovate a brick wall outside.	two men are working.	entailment
two men renovate a brick wall outside.	two men are laying bricks.	neutral
two men are fixing the side of an old brick building.	construction workers at a job.	neutral
two men are fixing the side of an old brick building.	people fixing a building	entailment
two men are fixing the side of an old brick building.	people painting in a house.	contradiction
a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	a cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley.	contradiction
a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	a dog was sniffing his food before eating it.	contradiction
a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	the brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side.	neutral
a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	the person is cozy.	neutral
a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	the person is wrapped in a straightjacket.	contradiction
a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.	the person is sitting on the floor.	neutral
a man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy.	a man on stilts performs a trick for an audience.	entailment
a man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy.	a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school.	neutral
three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine.	there are people watching tv inside.	contradiction
three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine.	a line of people at an atm.	entailment
three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine.	three women waiting for an atm.	neutral
a young redheaded woman laughs at something.	a fat redheaded woman laughs at something.	neutral
a young redheaded woman laughs at something.	a redheaded woman laughs at something.	entailment
a young redheaded woman laughs at something.	a young redheaded man laughs at something.	contradiction
a man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	a man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench.	entailment
a man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	a couple asleep on a bench outside.	entailment
a man and women sleeping outside on a bench.	a man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table.	contradiction
a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause.	a young boy gets his photo taken.	entailment
a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause.	a young girl gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause.	contradiction
a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause.	a young boy's mother takes his photo with mr. and mrs. clause.	neutral
a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.	a woman is sitting outside in the rain.	contradiction
a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.	a person is covering their face and hair.	entailment
a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.	a man is working in a restaurant.	neutral
one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.	one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone	entailment
one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.	one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone	neutral
one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.	one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger	contradiction
two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee.	the men are playing volleyball.	contradiction
two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee.	there are other people playing with them.	neutral
two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee.	the men are playing frisbee.	entailment
a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.	everyone is asleep in their bed	contradiction
a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.	there is at least one person.	entailment
a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.	the people are at the beach.	neutral
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	two instructors are teaching a small class of five how to fly a helicopter.	neutral
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	seven men are getting ready to fly an airplane.	contradiction
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the helicopter.	entailment
a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.	kids playing a video game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows.	contradiction
a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.	children competing in a relay race.	entailment
a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.	a team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach.	entailment
passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.	an old taxi drives on a street.	neutral
passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.	a car drives on a street.	entailment
passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.	people walk through a store.	contradiction
the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	people are playing basketball.	entailment
the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	two teams are competing in hockey.	contradiction
the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.	a basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white.	entailment
a man in a white shirt taking a picture.	a man takes a picture	entailment
a man in a white shirt taking a picture.	the man takes a video clip	contradiction
a man in a white shirt taking a picture.	the man is a photographer	neutral
a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.	a woman is standing next to a flower pot.	entailment
a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.	a woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home.	contradiction
a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.	a woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot.	contradiction
people walk outside "the tempe bar".	people are sitting in the bar drinking.	contradiction
people walk outside "the tempe bar".	bar goers walk around outside after last call.	neutral
people walk outside "the tempe bar".	people move around outside.	entailment
child swimming in a pool.	a child swims in the ocean.	contradiction
child swimming in a pool.	a kid swims in water.	entailment
child swimming in a pool.	a child swims laps in a lap pool.	neutral
a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.	a man is sleeping in a sleeping bag.	contradiction
a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.	a man is hiking with his girlfriend.	neutral
a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.	a man is hiking.	entailment
a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.	the puppy is chasing a ball.	neutral
a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.	the pet is chewing on a bone	contradiction
a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.	a dog is running to catch a colorful ball	entailment
a white dog next to a basement window.	a dog next to a window	entailment
a white dog next to a basement window.	a pomeranian next to a window	neutral
a white dog next to a basement window.	a cat next to a window	contradiction
a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.	the woman is watching shades of grey	contradiction
a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.	the man is outside	neutral
a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.	the man playing a game.	entailment
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.	a person walking in a tunnel is lost	neutral
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.	a person walking in a tunnel	entailment
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.	a person sitting on a bench	contradiction
a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it.	a kid who's too young to read climbs a dangerous stack of logs.	neutral
a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it.	a kid climbing some logs	entailment
a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it.	a young child sits in class and reads a book quitely.	contradiction
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.	a dog is jumping.	entailment
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.	a dog is outdoors.	neutral
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.	the dog is white.	contradiction
a man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car.	a person taking a photo.	entailment
a man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car.	a tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk.	contradiction
a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.	a girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home.	neutral
a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.	a little girl is riding her ox in a desert.	contradiction
a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.	a little girl is in a field.	entailment
a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.	a surfer relaxing on the beach.	contradiction
a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.	a daring man in the surf.	neutral
a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.	a person in the water.	entailment
a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air	entailment
a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	a man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air	entailment
a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.	a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air	contradiction
a woman is standing at a podium.	a man is standing at a podium.	contradiction
a woman is standing at a podium.	the woman is making a speach about agriculture.	neutral
a woman is standing at a podium.	a person is at a podium.	entailment
a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street.	the man is walking down the street.	entailment
a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street.	the man is wearing a green shirt.	contradiction
a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street.	the man is on his way to a movie.	neutral
a woman and a young girl are eating side by side.	a man folding his laundry.	contradiction
a woman and a young girl are eating side by side.	two people eating together.	entailment
a woman and a young girl are eating side by side.	a mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together.	neutral
a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up.	the young boy rides his bike as hard as he can.	contradiction
a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up.	the young boy's bike is broken.	neutral
a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up.	this young boy is shorter than this young woman.	neutral
a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.	the woman is naturally blonde.	neutral
a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.	the woman is wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.	the woman is wearing a red shirt.	contradiction
a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	a man eats a doughnut with his coffee.	neutral
a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	a person is drinking coffee.	entailment
a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.	a woman drinks.	contradiction
a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle	entailment
a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch	neutral
a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is jumping rope	contradiction
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner.	a sad woman is watching tv.	contradiction
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner.	a woman is cooking dinner for the guests.	neutral
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner.	a woman is cooking.	entailment
a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv.	a boy and girl are waiting patiently in line.	contradiction
a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv.	a boy is pushing a girl on a toy suv inside of a nice house.	neutral
a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv.	a boy and a girl are playing.	entailment
the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.	the man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not.	neutral
the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.	the man is at home watching tv.	contradiction
the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.	there is a man standing outside of a theater.	entailment
a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.	a man has hair.	neutral
a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.	a man is outdoors.	entailment
a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.	a man is indoors.	contradiction
a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman.	a man wearing a costume	entailment
a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman.	a man dressing for a show	neutral
a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman.	a man wearing a tux	contradiction
a guy with a football, a crowd watching him.	there is a guy holding a football.	entailment
a guy with a football, a crowd watching him.	a quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game.	neutral
a guy with a football, a crowd watching him.	there is a guy with a basketball.	contradiction
two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.	two girls are wearing school uniforms.	neutral
two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.	two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts.	contradiction
two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.	two girls are walking together.	entailment
a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day.	somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert.	contradiction
a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day.	somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail.	neutral
a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day.	somebody is riding a bike outside.	entailment
a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans.	 a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing.	neutral
a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans.	 a man with a red beard and mustache.	entailment
a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans.	a man is sleeping in his bed.	contradiction
two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them.	the women have rounded up the last cow for the fall	neutral
two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them.	there are women outside in this picture	entailment
two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them.	they are at the bar	contradiction
two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.	the three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen.	neutral
two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.	three african american men work together in the food industry.	neutral
two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.	three asian men work at a bar.	contradiction
basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop.	a woman watching the game.	contradiction
basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop.	a man working hard.	neutral
basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop.	a referee watching a game.	entailment
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	a man and a woman ride their bikes down a hill.	contradiction
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	the group is skiing.	entailment
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	the sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race.	neutral
four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun	neutral
four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset	neutral
four human figures are backlit by a sunset.	a beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four figures silhouetted against it's backdrop	entailment
seven young girls are being creative and making posters.	one girl is making posters.	contradiction
seven young girls are being creative and making posters.	girls are making posters.	entailment
seven young girls are being creative and making posters.	the girls are using paints and markers on the signs.	neutral
a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.	people trying to read what a man is writing.	neutral
a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.	a man scribbles indoors.	entailment
a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.	a gentleman swims at the beach.	contradiction
a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.	the teenager has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf.	neutral
a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.	the teenager is riding a horse in a steeplechase competition.	contradiction
a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.	there is a teenager playing golf in a field.	entailment
a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes.	a husband and wife walk down the street.	neutral
a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes.	a husband and wife lay on the beach.	contradiction
a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes.	a woman and a man walk down the street.	entailment
a young boy sits curiously on a rock near the water, looking at his reflection.	a kid is outside looking into the water.	entailment
a young boy sits curiously on a rock near the water, looking at his reflection.	the boy is swinging on a swing.	contradiction
the basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to score for their team	a guy with a basketball	entailment
the basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to score for their team	the guy is flying a plane	contradiction
three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats.	the men are inside	contradiction
three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats.	the constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies	neutral
three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats.	the men are outside	entailment
a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.	a young woman wearing a yellow dress sitting in the sand at a packed beach.	contradiction
a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.	a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk.	neutral
a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.	a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside.	entailment
a black women holding a sign that says, "free hugs" in the city.	a white woman is holding a sign	contradiction
a black women holding a sign that says, "free hugs" in the city.	a younger woman is holding a sign	neutral
a black women holding a sign that says, "free hugs" in the city.	a woman is holding a sign	entailment
a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide.	a boy is dancing on his bed.	contradiction
a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide.	a boy is running outside.	entailment
a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide.	a boy is running.	entailment
a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.	a blonde boy is playing near a construction zone.	neutral
a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.	a blonde girl is playing.	entailment
a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.	a blonde child is playing.	entailment
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play poker	neutral
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	entailment
some youngsters are playing a card game	cat stares at dog	contradiction
a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	white outfit women playing tennis	entailment
a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	women playing	neutral
a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.	women at work	contradiction
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.	four adults are walking down the street.	contradiction
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.	four children are dancing around a pole.	entailment
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.	four girls are dancing around a pole.	neutral
little kids play a game of running around a pole.	a bunch of young kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole.	entailment
little kids play a game of running around a pole.	the kids are fighting outside.	contradiction
little kids play a game of running around a pole.	there are kids outside playing	entailment
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station.	a group of workers on their lunch break.	contradiction
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station.	a team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule.	neutral
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station.	a construction team working in a subway station.	entailment
a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky.	a man is a good skateboarder	neutral
a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky.	a man is riding a skateboard	entailment
a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky.	a woman is running	contradiction
spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the baseman waits to make the catch.	people play baseball	entailment
spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the baseman waits to make the catch.	a cat jumps high	contradiction
a young girl holding a toddler.	two old ladies are making out at a strip club.	contradiction
a young girl holding a toddler.	a sister holds her little brother.	neutral
a young girl holding a toddler.	two children together.	entailment
a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat.	there is a man on a boat.	entailment
a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat.	the hungover man drives his boat to work.	neutral
a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat.	the happy pilot flies his plane.	contradiction
workers at basking robbins are filling orders.	workers leaving the office after office hours	contradiction
workers at basking robbins are filling orders.	workers filling orders at basking robbins	entailment
workers at basking robbins are filling orders.	workers busy in handling orders	entailment
a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	a man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street.	entailment
a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	a man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street.	neutral
a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.	a man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past.	contradiction
a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.	the man is in a store.	neutral
a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.	the man is wearing a red shirt.	contradiction
a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.	the man is wearing brown.	entailment
a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue.	a friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something.	neutral
a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue.	a woman in white hands something to a woman in blue.	entailment
a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue.	two sisters are flipping each other off.	contradiction
a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.	a woman is walking down the street of shops.	entailment
a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.	a woman is window shopping for a new outfit.	neutral
a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.	a woman is sitting on a train.	contradiction
a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil.	the newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding.	neutral
a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil.	the newlyweds are actually vampires.	contradiction
a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil.	two people kissing.	entailment
a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.	a woman says hi to another woman at the grocery store.	contradiction
a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.	a man pushing away another man on the soccer field.	entailment
a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.	a man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first.	neutral
a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather.	a woman is taking a picture in cold weather.	entailment
a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather.	a woman is taking a picture with an older woman.	neutral
a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather.	a man is running errands on his bike.	contradiction
a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them.	a uniformed group carry signs written in chinese	entailment
a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them.	a dog eats steak	contradiction
a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them.	a militant chinese group lead a protest with red signs	neutral
it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.	crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade	entailment
it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.	people are celebrating a local festival, cheering alonside a parade	neutral
it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.	people have gathered for a funeral	contradiction
a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind.	the woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use.	neutral
a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind.	the lady is riding a bike.	entailment
a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind.	the lady is driving a huge truck.	contradiction
two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.	dancers are performing on stage barefoot.	entailment
two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.	two magicians are performing on stage.	contradiction
two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.	dancers are performing to latin music.	neutral
a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.	the man is holding a pencil.	entailment
a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.	the man is laying down on the couch.	contradiction
a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.	the man is drawing a picture.	neutral
a few women and children are collecting items from rocks.	people are collecting special stones from rocks.	neutral
a few women and children are collecting items from rocks.	people are taking things from rocks.	entailment
a few women and children are collecting items from rocks.	people are throwing rocks.	contradiction
a group of young people pose for a picture in a field	the young people are outdoors.	entailment
a group of young people pose for a picture in a field	the young people are taking a picture inside.	contradiction
a group of young people pose for a picture in a field	they are taking a class photo.	neutral
two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.	men at the center of a clearing	entailment
two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.	men at the center of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group	neutral
a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.	there are people riding the bus after school	neutral
a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.	there are people riding the bus	entailment
a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.	there are people watching the bus pass by	contradiction
a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	a young kid is drinking out of a cup.	entailment
a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	a kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park.	neutral
a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.	the kids were in awe as they listened pasionately to the story of the young boy.	contradiction
a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.	the man is outdoors.	neutral
a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.	the man has shorts on.	entailment
a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.	the man has pants on.	neutral
a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	the man poses with a yellow flower.	entailment
a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	the man is near a red flower.	contradiction
a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower.	the man stands before the camera outside.	entailment
a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.	there is one child in this picture, and he is outside.	entailment
a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.	the boy is playing video games upstairs in his room.	contradiction
a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.	the boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree.	neutral
a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around.	a boy is taking a nap in his bed.	contradiction
a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around.	a boy near an item.	entailment
a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around.	the young child is working on his science project.	neutral
a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.	a boy is attending an event	neutral
a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.	a boy is sitting down.	entailment
a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.	a boy is cheering for his team.	contradiction
a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus.	a man is traveling to see his best friend.	neutral
a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus.	a boy is sweeping the sidewalk.	contradiction
a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus.	a guy is riding the bus.	entailment
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating.	people are sleeping.	contradiction
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating.	people are eating food.	entailment
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating.	people are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary.	neutral
a large group of people gather at a piano bar.	a large group going out	entailment
a large group of people gather at a piano bar.	a group of men at a piano bar	neutral
a large group of people gather at a piano bar.	one person at a piano bar	contradiction
there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side.	two women are running late for a meeting.	neutral
there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side.	two women are fishing in the ocean.	contradiction
there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side.	two women are jogging by the beach.	entailment
a historic-looking building.	the newly constructed town hall	contradiction
a historic-looking building.	the town hall	neutral
a historic-looking building.	an older building	neutral
a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot.	the young man is juggling balls.	neutral
a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot.	the young man is sleeping.	contradiction
a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot.	the young boy is outside.	entailment
two women on a beach.	two women are resting indoors.	contradiction
two women on a beach.	two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands.	neutral
two women on a beach.	two women are outdoors.	entailment
two women in bathing suits play on the beach.	two women in bikinis are flirting with guys.	neutral
two women in bathing suits play on the beach.	two girls are helping their mom with the laundry.	contradiction
two women in bathing suits play on the beach.	two ladies are wearing swimsuits.	entailment
the man walks among the large trees.	the man walks among trees.	entailment
the man walks among the large trees.	the man is lost in the woods.	neutral
the man walks among the large trees.	the mas is walking next to dogs.	contradiction
a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch.	a speedwalker next to cars	contradiction
a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch.	a runner in front of his supporters	neutral
a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch.	a runner with a convoy of motorcycles	entailment
a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley.	a person just bowled a strike.	neutral
a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley.	the person is eating nachos.	contradiction
a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley.	a person is bowling.	entailment
a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.	a man is almost done working today.	neutral
a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.	a man is working at a car wash	contradiction
a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.	a man is shining some shoes.	entailment
a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.	the policeman is sitting.	entailment
a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.	the policeman is on a stakeout.	neutral
a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.	the policeman is standing.	contradiction
man seated in a uniform that says "polizes" on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard, some papers, and a computer in front of him.	the man is playing a guitar.	contradiction
man seated in a uniform that says "polizes" on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard, some papers, and a computer in front of him.	a man is wearing a uniform.	entailment
three military officials are battling a fire my a building.	three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion.	neutral
three military officials are battling a fire my a building.	there is a fire being fought.	entailment
three military officials are battling a fire my a building.	three military officials sit by a lake and are fishing.	contradiction
a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.	a man has black hair.	entailment
a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.	the man is a performer.	neutral
a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.	the man is blond.	contradiction
a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses.	a full haired man is looking a drinking glasses.	contradiction
a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses.	a man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses.	neutral
a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses.	a man with thinning hair.	entailment
painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.	a painter copying masterpieces in a museum.	entailment
painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.	a painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sell.	neutral
painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.	a painter creating an original work of art.	contradiction
an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art.	a painter works on a copy of a rembrandt.	neutral
an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art.	a person is crafting a replica of another's creation.	entailment
an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art.	the surrealist is running wind sprints.	contradiction
a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones.	the man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person.	neutral
a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones.	the man is sitting on a bench.	contradiction
a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones.	the man is outside.	entailment
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.	a woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning.	neutral
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.	the happy woman has big green eyes.	contradiction
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.	a woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling.	entailment
a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group.	a bunch of eagles are eating a bug	contradiction
a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group.	a bunch of guys in colorful clothes are standing together waiting for the bus	neutral
a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group.	a bunch of guys in colorful clothes stand together	entailment
a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym.	they are in a gym	entailment
a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym.	the gym is old	neutral
a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym.	there is  no volleyball	contradiction
four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.	four kids are wearing hats with streamers.	entailment
four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.	four kids are wearing birthday party hats.	neutral
four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.	four kids are waiting in line for the bus.	neutral
a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word "hot" on the side.	a man standing in front of a vehicle.	entailment
a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word "hot" on the side.	a worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it.	entailment
a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word "hot" on the side.	someone sleeping on the ground next to a jeep.	contradiction
a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench.	two kids are sitting next to each other.	entailment
a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench.	the boys are playing dodge ball.	contradiction
a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench.	the school kids are relaxing during recess.	neutral
a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.	he is running against a group of people	entailment
a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.	he doesnt have legs	contradiction
a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.	he is winning	neutral
a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.	a human is surrounded.	entailment
a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.	a person is at a concert.	neutral
a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.	a person is alone in a dark room.	contradiction
a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water.	a girl checks her phone on a boat.	entailment
a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water.	a girl is talking on a landline.	contradiction
a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells.	he looks through the microscope before lunch	neutral
a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells.	he looks through the microscope	entailment
a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells.	he eats stars	contradiction
some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	lots of people are walking by a small red building.	contradiction
some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	a group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building.	neutral
some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.	a crowd relaxes in front of a large red building.	entailment
three men play musical instruments.	three people with guitars.	neutral
three men play musical instruments.	three people with instruments.	entailment
three men play musical instruments.	three people build a house.	contradiction
a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.	a woman is lying in the grass.	entailment
a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.	a woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals.	contradiction
a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.	a woman is taking a break and lying in the grass.	neutral
a young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him.	a girl lays down in front of a tent	contradiction
a young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him.	a boy lays down in front of a tent	entailment
a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent.	a circus worker is moving the big top tent.	neutral
a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent.	a guy is transporting a tent.	entailment
a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent.	a hiker is sleeping in a tent.	contradiction
small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	a woman and young girl celebrating together.	neutral
small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	a woman bathing her daughter.	contradiction
small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.	a young girl putting confetti in a lady's hair.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill.	a man in a blue shirt stands by a grill.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill.	a man bakes a cake.	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill.	a man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill.	neutral
a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people.	a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt.	entailment
a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people.	a man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt.	contradiction
a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people.	a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt.	entailment
a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.	a girl is chasing a rabbit.	contradiction
a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.	a boy is running home after school.	neutral
a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.	a boy is outside running.	entailment
a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.	the firefighter can't enter the building.	neutral
a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.	a firefighter starts a fire.	contradiction
a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.	a firefighter going up a ladder.	entailment
two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.	the men are standing in a parking garage.	neutral
two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.	two men are standing in front of a large vehicle.	entailment
two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.	the men are seated in lawn chairs.	contradiction
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot.	the man has shorts but no shoes.	entailment
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot.	the man in shorts is not wearing footwear.	entailment
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot.	the man wears black pants and dress shoes.	contradiction
rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	horse rider in traditional wear, ride horse with ceremonial wear and accessories	entailment
rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	the rider and horse are covered in gear.	entailment
rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	the horse is asleep next to the man.	contradiction
rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	pets galloping down the street.	neutral
rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.	a traditionally dressed horse and rider at a parade.	entailment
a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom.	the woman is in the bathroom	entailment
a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom.	the woman is getting ready	entailment
a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom.	the woman is wearing black	entailment
a small dog runs to catch a ball.	the dog is asleep on the sofa.	contradiction
a small dog runs to catch a ball.	a little dog chases a ball.	entailment
a small dog runs to catch a ball.	the dog is a chihuahua.	neutral
an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by.	the accordion player is highly skilled.	neutral
an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by.	the man's shirt is black.	contradiction
an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by.	a young man is walking.	entailment
bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.	a man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet.	neutral
bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.	two people are near each other.	entailment
bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.	a woman is walking after a man who is running from her.	contradiction
a boy rollerskating in the street.	a boy is sleeping	contradiction
a boy rollerskating in the street.	a boy is outside	entailment
a boy rollerskating in the street.	a boy is skating with a hockey stick	contradiction
men sitting at a table in a church.	the ornate church contains chatting people.	neutral
men sitting at a table in a church.	the men pray at the alters.	contradiction
men sitting at a table in a church.	there are people at a table.	entailment
man in robe making designs on dirt ground.	an artist preparing some sketches in the dirt.	neutral
man in robe making designs on dirt ground.	a man playing in the sand at the beach.	contradiction
man in robe making designs on dirt ground.	a man making designs in the dirt outside.	entailment
a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence.	there is a statue behind a person.	neutral
a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence.	a person is strolling with a bag.	entailment
a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence.	a person is cooking hot dogs at the beach.	contradiction
a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.	the man and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds.	contradiction
a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.	the man is reading to his grandson.	neutral
a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.	the man and boy are in a bedroom.	neutral
a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd.	the woman is lying down sleeping	contradiction
a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd.	the woman is white	neutral
a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd.	a woman carries children	entailment
a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	a black dog walks on a concrete path.	contradiction
a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	a white dog runs on a dirt path.	entailment
a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	a dog runs on a path.	entailment
a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.	a woman throwing apples.	contradiction
a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.	a woman climbing down a tree.	entailment
a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.	a woman with red hair.	entailment
an indian woman is dancing with her partner.	a woman has dark skin.	neutral
an indian woman is dancing with her partner.	a woman is swimming.	contradiction
an indian woman is dancing with her partner.	a woman is moving.	entailment
man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation.	the man is on a treadmill.	contradiction
man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation.	the man is on his way to work.	neutral
man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation.	the man is outside.	entailment
a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it.	a worker is working on the damages caused by the flood.	neutral
a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it.	a worker is on a break.	contradiction
a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it.	a worker is outside.	entailment
a woman in a gray dress walks down the street.	the woman is eating lunch.	contradiction
a woman in a gray dress walks down the street.	the woman is walking to the shop.	neutral
a woman in a gray dress walks down the street.	a woman is outside.	entailment
someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.	the person is snowboarding.	entailment
someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.	the person is competing in a snowboarding competition.	neutral
someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.	the person is resting.	contradiction
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	a man sitting on a bench outside.	contradiction
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	a man walks down the sidewalk wearing headphones.	entailment
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	a person walking outside.	entailment
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	an old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk.	neutral
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	a man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones.	entailment
a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.	a baby sits in a crib.	contradiction
tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.	a man chops veggies.	contradiction
tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.	a dog runs after a squirrel.	neutral
tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.	a dog runs outside.	entailment
a man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.	the man is underwater looking for fish.	contradiction
a man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.	a man can see mountains from where he stands.	entailment
three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them.	there are only two people.	contradiction
three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them.	the people are in a play.	neutral
three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them.	there is a group of people present.	entailment
six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption.	several men are gathered.	entailment
six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption.	several men are gathered to learn about ham radios.	neutral
six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption.	women are sitting around a table drinking coffee.	contradiction
a group of people are camping out on some rocks.	people are spending a day at the beach.	neutral
a group of people are camping out on some rocks.	people are outdoors.	entailment
a group of people are camping out on some rocks.	people rest while climbing a mountain.	neutral
a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	a smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	contradiction
a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone.	entailment
a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	a  girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.	entailment
a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.	the man is jumping to another boulder.	neutral
a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.	the man is sitting down on the rock.	contradiction
a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.	the man is on the rock.	entailment
a man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him.	the man in the white is the superior of the janitor in gray.	neutral
a man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him.	the men are hosting a news show.	contradiction
five rodeo contestants wait their turn.	two rodeo contestants wait their turn.	contradiction
five rodeo contestants wait their turn.	people at a rodeo.	entailment
five rodeo contestants wait their turn.	five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize.	neutral
children on the beach with their dog.	the children are at the ocean with their dog.	entailment
children on the beach with their dog.	the children are playing catch with their dog.	neutral
children on the beach with their dog.	the children are asleep on the couch with their dog.	contradiction
a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street.	people having a parade on a street.	neutral
a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street.	one person walking on the street.	contradiction
a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street.	a group of people on the street.	entailment
two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side.	two people are walking down an alley.	entailment
two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side.	two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work.	neutral
two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side.	two people are sitting in an alley.	contradiction
a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki.	a woman is giving a speech to an interested crowd.	neutral
a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki.	a woman is doing a stage dive into a crowd.	contradiction
a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki.	a woman is standing at a lectern.	entailment
an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.	an older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside.	entailment
an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.	an older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant.	neutral
an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.	an older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city.	contradiction
a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.	a man takes his lunch break in the park.	neutral
a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.	a man is eating.	entailment
a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.	a man sits in the cafeteria.	contradiction
people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance.	kids at zoo	contradiction
people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance.	people on boat	entailment
people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance.	people having boat party	neutral
two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear.	the is one woman in the picture.	contradiction
two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear.	there are 3 people in the picture.	entailment
two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear.	the women are in their underwear.	contradiction
a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.	a man talks.	entailment
a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.	chew wrigley's spearmint beer.	contradiction
a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.	an old man works.	neutral
two women are relaxing in a hot tub.	two men are in the hot tub.	contradiction
two women are relaxing in a hot tub.	a couple of women are in the hot tub.	entailment
two women are relaxing in a hot tub.	two women are on vacation in the hot tub.	neutral
a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air.	a man tossing his son into the air.	neutral
a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air.	a man tossing a girl into the air.	contradiction
a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air.	a man tossing a child into the air.	entailment
phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.	phone to her ear, a woman bends forward	entailment
phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.	phone to her ear, a woman bends slowly forward	neutral
phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.	phone to her butt, a woman bends forward	contradiction
a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone.	the woman is speaking into a cow bladder	contradiction
a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone.	the phone's ringer is loud	neutral
a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone.	a woman is using a phone	entailment
a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater.	a girl is wearing orange.	entailment
a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater.	a girl is wearing a yellow sweater.	contradiction
a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater.	a girl is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes.	neutral
the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.	the man is shirtless on the beach.	contradiction
the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.	the man is wearing purple jeans.	neutral
the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.	a man is wearing a blue shirt.	entailment
three men are playing frisbee in the woods.	three guys are hiking across the desert.	contradiction
three men are playing frisbee in the woods.	three men are outside.	entailment
three men are playing frisbee in the woods.	three brothers are playing a friendly game of frisbee before dinner.	neutral
five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.	the theme of the photo is red.	neutral
five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.	everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare.	contradiction
five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.	everything in the photo is red colored.	neutral
a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf.	the dark-haired lady frowned and wore all black	contradiction
a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf.	there is a happy lady with colorful clothing	entailment
a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf.	a dark-haired lady is dressed for a good day	neutral
an suv traveling through mud.	a four wheeler is passing	contradiction
an suv traveling through mud.	suv travelling through mud	entailment
an suv traveling through mud.	biking done on the rocky hill	contradiction
a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street.	the toddler is wearing rain boots.	neutral
a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street.	the man's shirt is white.	contradiction
a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street.	people are walking on a wet street.	entailment
two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.	a monkey chases after a rattlesnake.	contradiction
two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.	two men sawing wood.	entailment
two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.	two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project.	neutral
people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'.	the people are wanting to buy concert tickets.	neutral
people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'.	the people are standing outside.	entailment
people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'.	the people are inside the classroom.	contradiction
a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by.	there are three soccer players.	entailment
a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by.	the three players are chasing after the hockey puck.	contradiction
a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by.	the players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team.	entailment
a child sits in a tree holding a branch.	the adult jumped up onto the tree.	contradiction
a child sits in a tree holding a branch.	a child sits in a tree.	entailment
a child sits in a tree holding a branch.	the child climbed up there on his own.	neutral
customers are ordering food at a cafe.	there are no customers at the cafe.	contradiction
customers are ordering food at a cafe.	there are customers at a cafe ordering food.	entailment
a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car.	the mom and boy are at an amusement park.	entailment
a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car.	the mom and boy are on a roller coaster.	contradiction
a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car.	the mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar	neutral
a man in an orange hat holds a ball.	a man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball.	neutral
a man in an orange hat holds a ball.	a man in a blue hat drops the ball.	contradiction
a man in an orange hat holds a ball.	a gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball.	entailment
two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.	the kangaroo wants to leave	neutral
two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.	two women are petting a kangaroo	entailment
two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.	the women are wiping a windshield	contradiction
a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.	a girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches.	neutral
a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.	a girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall.	contradiction
a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.	a girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it.	entailment
an asian man makes faces for the camera.	the man is not asian.	contradiction
an asian man makes faces for the camera.	faces are being made to the camera.	entailment
an asian man makes faces for the camera.	the man is wearing a white shirt.	neutral
there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols.	there is a large group.	entailment
there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols.	there is one person .	contradiction
there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols.	they are canadian.	neutral
a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing.	a woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl.	neutral
a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing.	two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them.	entailment
a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing.	a toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying.	contradiction
two guys in blue shirts talking.	two men wearing different color shirts walking past each other.	contradiction
two guys in blue shirts talking.	two men complimenting each other on their blue shirts.	neutral
two guys in blue shirts talking.	two guys talking in matching shirts.	entailment
a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket.	she is making a donation.	neutral
a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket.	she is stealing from them.	contradiction
a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket.	she is fond of the charity.	neutral
a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game.	a woman runs down the field.	contradiction
a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game.	a football player is trying to score a goal.	neutral
a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game.	a dallas cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game.	neutral
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	a couple hang out on the beach.	neutral
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	a matching couple cools down in the rain.	neutral
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	a matching couple get wet.	entailment
the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card.	the man is holding up a domino.	contradiction
the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card.	the man has a playing card in his hand.	entailment
the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card.	the man is holding up the ace of spades.	neutral
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field.	a dog is riding in the car.	contradiction
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field.	a dog is sniffing for its bone.	neutral
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field.	there is a dog outside.	entailment
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress.	a woman has a blue shirt	entailment
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress.	a woman just won a 5k race	neutral
a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress.	a woman is wearing a green tshirt	contradiction
two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field.	one of the boys scored a goal for his sports team today.	neutral
two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field.	no one who is shown has ever played a sport.	contradiction
two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field.	some of the people in the picture are at least fairly athletic.	entailment
a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole.	a man wearing a sweater inside	contradiction
a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole.	a person wearing a sweating in a street	entailment
a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole.	a person waiting for a friend	neutral
man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street.	a man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street.	neutral
man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street.	a person on a phone is outdoors	entailment
man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street.	a man is driving down a busy road.	contradiction
casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.	a little boy pushes an oily man off a deck.	contradiction
casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.	a bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes.	neutral
casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.	people are hanging outside with their bicycles on the grass.	entailment
three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot.	a group of friends are getting some money before they go to dinner.	neutral
three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot.	three men are playing poker.	contradiction
three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot.	there are men outdoors.	entailment
a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope.	a woman ponders what it would be like to climb the slope.	neutral
a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope.	a man sleds down a slope.	contradiction
a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope.	a woman stands on a slope.	entailment
a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.	the boy is swinging at his baseball game.	contradiction
a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.	a girl in uniform is swinging.	entailment
a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.	the girl is playing a game at recess.	neutral
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle.	a man stands near a fire hydrant.	contradiction
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle.	a man is stealing parts from a motorcycle.	neutral
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle.	a man is down beside a motorcycle.	entailment
a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.	the man is making a snow angel.	contradiction
a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.	a man is moving quickly through the snow.	entailment
a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.	the man is skiing.	neutral
an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese.	a man is a cook	neutral
an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese.	a women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings	contradiction
an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese.	a man is wearing a apron	entailment
a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.	the lady is at the hair salon.	contradiction
a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.	a man is getting a hair cut.	entailment
a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.	the man has long hair.	neutral
a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.	a boy is outside	entailment
a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.	the boy is happy	neutral
a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.	the boy is dead	contradiction
four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water.	nobody has beach attire	contradiction
four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water.	tall people in beach attire	neutral
four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water.	people in beach attire	entailment
five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	five girls are wearing different colored dresses.	neutral
five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	five girls are playing together.	entailment
five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	five girls are baking a cake.	contradiction
a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.	the woman is sitting in the bedroom.	contradiction
a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.	a young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen	entailment
a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.	the young woman makes a meal.	neutral
two girls looking out the window at "hair at hart."	two kids wait for their mom to finish her hair appointment.	entailment
two girls looking out the window at "hair at hart."	a bird attacks its reflection in a window.	contradiction
two girls looking out the window at "hair at hart."	two people look out a window.	entailment
an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent.	there is only one person.	contradiction
an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent.	one wrestler is wearing green.	neutral
an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent.	two wrestlers are in a match.	entailment
people waiting on a train platform.	people are waiting for a train which is late.	neutral
people waiting on a train platform.	people are waiting.	entailment
people waiting on a train platform.	people survive a horrible train crash.	contradiction
dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.	a dog is wet	entailment
dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.	a dog is in a pond	neutral
dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.	a dog is sleeping	contradiction
the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.	the dress is white.	entailment
the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.	the woman is under a lot of stress.	neutral
the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.	the dress is black.	contradiction
a man is socializing with another man in the bar.	two women enjoying happy hour.	contradiction
a man is socializing with another man in the bar.	two friends talking while getting a drink after work.	neutral
a man is socializing with another man in the bar.	two men talking in a bar.	entailment
girls dressed in red stand in a line.	they are going somewhere.	neutral
girls dressed in red stand in a line.	they are running.	contradiction
girls dressed in red stand in a line.	it is a special day.	neutral
a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up.	a child yells angrily at her mother.	contradiction
a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up.	a child laughs as her hair sticks up.	entailment
a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up.	a child laughs at her mothers joke on a couch.	neutral
a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.	a young infant is wearing pajamas.	entailment
a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.	a woman buttons the baby's pajamas while a baby cries.	neutral
a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.	a young baby smiles.	contradiction
a crowd of people standing in front of statues.	the statue is made of marble.	neutral
a crowd of people standing in front of statues.	the statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to life.	contradiction
a crowd of people standing in front of statues.	the people are taking photos of the statue.	neutral
a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water.	the boy is asleep on the couch.	contradiction
a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water.	the boy is wearing shorts.	neutral
a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water.	the boy is looking at another boy.	entailment
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.	a man takes a picture of  two men in a crowd.	entailment
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.	a girl takes a photo of a dog.	contradiction
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.	a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd.	entailment
a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat.	there is a child and two animals.	entailment
a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat.	the baby sits on the cats.	contradiction
a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat.	the person is crying near some animals.	contradiction
a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net.	boys playing.	entailment
a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net.	boys playing a new game they made up, volleyfoot.	neutral
a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net.	a boy plays with a yoyo.	contradiction
an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.	a man wearing a blue shirt and white pants	entailment
an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.	a man resting outside	neutral
an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.	a old man swimming	contradiction
a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building.	a human standing	entailment
a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building.	nobody is standing	contradiction
a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building.	a tall human standing	neutral
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf.	two dogs are outside.	entailment
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf.	two dogs are playing on a beach.	entailment
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf.	two dogs sleep.	contradiction
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.	a man is riding a horse.	contradiction
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.	a man is being tortured by other people.	neutral
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.	a man is attempting to run away.	neutral
several children are standing on the beach.	the children are waiting to go into the water.	neutral
several children are standing on the beach.	the kids are in the back yard.	contradiction
several children are standing on the beach.	there is a group of people on the beach.	entailment
a man with no shirt on is holding a football.	a man poses for a photo with a football.	neutral
a man with no shirt on is holding a football.	a man holds a football.	entailment
a man with no shirt on is holding a football.	a man rolls on the ground on fire.	contradiction
a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.	an animal is sleeping outside.	contradiction
a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.	there is an animal biting a broom.	entailment
a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.	a puppy is playing.	neutral
two men in black pants and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor.	two men practicing martial arts.	entailment
two men in black pants and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor.	two persons playing tennis.	contradiction
a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.	a man is refuelling his car.	neutral
a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.	a man is playing video games at his house.	contradiction
a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.	a man is outside at night.	neutral
an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently.	a woman holding a scruffy dog	entailment
an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently.	a woman holding her scruffy dog	entailment
an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently.	a woman holding a scruffy cat	contradiction
a group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left.	a group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left.	neutral
a group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left.	the group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office.	neutral
a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.	there is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside winter sport, which is a store with a bike next to it.	entailment
a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.	a woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside.	neutral
a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.	a woman rides her bike away from a store.	contradiction
men wearing hats walk on the street.	the men having hats on their head.	entailment
men wearing hats walk on the street.	the men are walking inside the school.	contradiction
men wearing hats walk on the street.	the men are construction workers.	neutral
a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.	the people are indoors.	entailment
a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.	the people are attending an outdoor art festival.	contradiction
a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.	the people are viewing a new art exhibit.	neutral
a man wearing a black t-shirt that says "long live the dead" pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab.	a man is wearing a clever shirt.	entailment
a man wearing a black t-shirt that says "long live the dead" pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab.	the man just got done shopping.	neutral
a man wearing a black t-shirt that says "long live the dead" pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab.	the man is wearing a suit.	contradiction
a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth.	a man wears his hat on his foot.	contradiction
a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth.	a man is wearing a hat.	entailment
a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth.	a man is wearing a cowboy hat.	contradiction
three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.	three young women are belly dancing in front of a crowd.	neutral
three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.	three young women are performing in front of a big audience.	entailment
three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.	three young woman are sleeping in a crowded hall.	contradiction
a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.	a woman sits on a ledge	entailment
a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.	a man sits on a ledge	contradiction
a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.	a woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins	neutral
a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.	a group of people are protesting in front of a building.	neutral
a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.	a man in a blue shirt poses for the camera.	contradiction
a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.	a group of people are standing in front of a building.	entailment
brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	there is an animal standing outdoors.	entailment
brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	the dog is lying on the ground.	contradiction
brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	the dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest.	neutral
a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.	a young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds.	neutral
a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.	a boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself.	entailment
a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.	a young boy is just sitting down and not sledding.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.	a man is acquiring information.	neutral
a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.	a man is playing videogames.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.	a man is teaching himself how to climb.	neutral
a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	the man is not wearing a shirt.	entailment
a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	the man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket.	contradiction
a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.	the man doesn't care much about his health.	neutral
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	the children are watching the man blow up balloons	entailment
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	the children watch the man make dogs and giraffes out of balloons	entailment
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	a man is being creative in front of the crowd.	entailment
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	the children are sad as the man ignores them	contradiction
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	a man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog.	neutral
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.	a man is making cotton candy for the children.	contradiction
an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.	two boys are helping their parents shop	neutral
an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.	a boy is pushing a shopping cart	entailment
an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.	a boy is walking on the street	neutral
blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	a boy is on the swing set.	entailment
blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	a boy is afraid to go on the swing.	contradiction
blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.	a boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set.	neutral
boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy.	the boy is wearing a backpack.	entailment
boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy.	the boy has no backpack on.	contradiction
boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy.	the boy is on his way home from school.	neutral
a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich.	a woman is sitting outside.	entailment
a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich.	a woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend.	neutral
a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich.	a woman is sitting inside.	contradiction
a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people.	the raft is filled with 6 females.	neutral
a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people.	the raft has people in it.	entailment
a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people.	the raft is empty.	contradiction
woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench.	a nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park.	entailment
woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench.	a homeless man is sitting on a park bench.	contradiction
there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving.	there are two boats on a river.	entailment
there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving.	the people are on land.	contradiction
there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving.	one of the boats ran out of gas.	neutral
three musicians are playing in a band.	the rock band is playing to a sold out crowd	neutral
three musicians are playing in a band.	the band consists of a trio of musicians	entailment
three musicians are playing in a band.	the band is signing autographs	contradiction
two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.	people are posing for a picture.	entailment
two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.	two young boys dressed like cows are posing.	neutral
two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.	two men dressed as basketball players are running.	contradiction
two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.	two men are ready to have their picture taken.	entailment
two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.	the men are standing in total darkness.	neutral
two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.	two friends give thumbs up to the camera.	neutral
a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains.	a woman is sitting in her backyard.	contradiction
a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains.	a person is in the woods.	contradiction
a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains.	a woman in outdoor clothes is hiking.	entailment
a man holds up a sign that reads "tattoo" as many people walk near him.	a man is holding a sign a yelling "tattoo".	neutral
a man holds up a sign that reads "tattoo" as many people walk near him.	two people are sitting in a coffee shop.	contradiction
a man holds up a sign that reads "tattoo" as many people walk near him.	a man is holding a tattoo sign.	entailment
an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera.	a woman is trying to take pictures of the world's largest tree	neutral
an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera.	a woman is in a green nun uniform	contradiction
an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera.	a woman is in a tan nun uniform.	entailment
a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	a person throws a toy for a dog.	entailment
a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	a dog is looking for a toy.	entailment
a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for.	a dog is looking for a cat.	contradiction
several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines.	people play a game.	entailment
several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines.	several people are playing dominoes.	contradiction
several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines.	the people watching from the sidelines cheer.	neutral
a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera.	a couple posing for the camera.	entailment
a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera.	two men take a picture together.	contradiction
a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera.	a man and woman wearing sunglasses.	entailment
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	a human not wearing any clothes is in a room.	entailment
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	a man dressed in a coat is in a kitchen.	contradiction
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.	an old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna.	neutral
repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.	women are fixing a school roof.	neutral
repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.	a man is washing his hands.	contradiction
repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.	a school is being worked on.	entailment
a little girl in a pink dress crying.	an upset little girl is throwing a tantrum.	entailment
a little girl in a pink dress crying.	the girl is laughing.	contradiction
a little girl in a pink dress crying.	a young girl is crying for more attention.	neutral
colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit.	the child is drinking at a bar.	contradiction
colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit.	the child is at a waterpark.	neutral
colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit.	the child is playing.	entailment
a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.	the baby and the cat are in the living room.	neutral
a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.	the baby and the cat are in the same room	entailment
a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.	there is not a cat near the baby.	contradiction
the dog is in the snow in front of some trees.	a dog is playing in the snow.	neutral
the dog is in the snow in front of some trees.	a dog is in the snow.	entailment
the dog is in the snow in front of some trees.	a cat plays in the snow.	contradiction
a young boy is playing in the sandy water.	there is a boy in the water.	entailment
a young boy is playing in the sandy water.	a young boy is playing in the grass.	contradiction
a young boy is playing in the sandy water.	the boy is playing at the beach.	neutral
an elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out.	a firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out.	entailment
an elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out.	a medic is treating someones wounds with bandages he is holding.	contradiction
a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled.	there is no snow.	contradiction
a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled.	a child is playing in the snow.	entailment
a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled.	a child is playing in the snow with his friends.	neutral
a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket.	a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black.	entailment
a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket.	a baby yawns in his crib.	contradiction
a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket.	a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church.	neutral
two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water.	some people are on land.	contradiction
two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water.	some men are by water.	entailment
two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water.	two men are out boating.	entailment
a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.	the boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming.	neutral
a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.	the boy is running towards a bigger group of people.	entailment
a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.	a boy can't swim so he didn't go to the beach with his family.	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway.	a man is on his way to work.	neutral
a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway.	a man walks through a doorway.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway.	a man is sitting at a table.	contradiction
a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.	the boy has a gift for his mother.	neutral
a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.	the kid is taking a nap.	contradiction
a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.	a kid is wearing colorful clothing.	entailment
two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.	two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting.	contradiction
two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.	the dogs wanted to find the end of the fence, but it seemed to keep on going, always turning into yet another stretch of distance.	neutral
two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.	canines traverse a sealed expanse.	entailment
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	two old women hate flowers and would not be near them	contradiction
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	elderly women are resting near flowers	entailment
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed	neutral
a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.	a man wears a helmet.	entailment
a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.	a woman has a helmet on a motorcycle.	contradiction
a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.	an 20 year old man has an orange shirt.	neutral
man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party.	a man is at his sisters party.	neutral
man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party.	a person is sitting.	entailment
man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party.	a person is sleeping on the couch.	contradiction
a couple opening up a new electronically mixer.	the new mixer is necessary for this new couple	neutral
a couple opening up a new electronically mixer.	a couple opens a new appliance together	entailment
a couple opening up a new electronically mixer.	the couple purchased a used mixer	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.	two people are near some other people.	entailment
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.	there are some people doing the limbo.	contradiction
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.	there is a group of people at a music festival.	neutral
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.	a dog is jumping.	entailment
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.	a cat sleeps in the window.	contradiction
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.	several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle.	neutral
a man on a ladder in tall grass.	the man is seated on his couch in his living room.	contradiction
a man on a ladder in tall grass.	the man is outdoors.	entailment
a man on a ladder in tall grass.	the man is wearing glasses.	neutral
a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera.	a street performer is acting out a scene.	entailment
a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera.	a performer is playing violin in the auditorium.	contradiction
a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera.	a mime is practicing his art.	neutral
a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing	a man is reading a newspaper on break.	neutral
a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing	a man is reading a newspaper.	entailment
a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing	a man is sitting down reading a newspaper.	contradiction
a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him.	a man competes in a long distance run.	neutral
a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him.	people watch a man jog.	entailment
a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him.	a man sits at his computer sipping coffee.	contradiction
a man running in a race passes by spectators.	the person is running a marathon.	neutral
a man running in a race passes by spectators.	a man is running by people who are watching.	entailment
a man running in a race passes by spectators.	a man in a kayak passes by spectators.	contradiction
topless girl riding a red bike.	the woman is wearing a shirt.	contradiction
topless girl riding a red bike.	a woman is on a bike.	entailment
topless girl riding a red bike.	the woman is tall.	neutral
a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd.	the crowd watches him	entailment
a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd.	he has just won the competition	neutral
a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd.	two dogs fly to the sun	contradiction
a man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him.	a guy is looking over the side of a building with someone else.	entailment
a man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him.	two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way.	contradiction
two young girls are jumping off of a steep step.	two young girls walk up a slide.	contradiction
two young girls are jumping off of a steep step.	girls are jumping.	entailment
two young girls are jumping off of a steep step.	two young girls are jumping outside.	entailment
middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.	the man is brushing the leaves off his car.	contradiction
middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.	the man is getting his car ready for work.	neutral
middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.	the man is cleaning off his car.	entailment
man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books.	people near a lot of reading materials.	entailment
man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books.	a couple under a table of goldfish.	contradiction
man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books.	two people are shielded by paperbacks.	neutral
four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk.	four women are running away from a man in the city.	contradiction
four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk.	four women are shopping for jewelry.	neutral
four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk.	four women are walking in the city.	entailment
white dog playing in the snow.	the snow is purple.	contradiction
white dog playing in the snow.	the dog has cold paws from the snow.	neutral
white dog playing in the snow.	the dog enjoys the snow.	entailment
four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth.	tall people cooking	neutral
four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth.	nobody is cooking	contradiction
four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth.	people cooking	entailment
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.	the dog has a ball.	entailment
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.	a white dog is chewing on his food.	contradiction
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.	the dog is running with a ball in its mouth.	neutral
a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.	the dog is fetching the ball for its owner.	neutral
a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.	there is a dog with a ball outside.	entailment
a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.	the dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball.	contradiction
a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave.	a man is surfing.	entailment
a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave.	a man is sunbathing.	contradiction
a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave.	a man on vacation is at the ocean.	neutral
a man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air.	an animal jumps as a male falls.	entailment
a man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air.	a man sits on the calm bull.	contradiction
several people are waiting in a metro station.	the people are all waiting for the same train.	neutral
several people are waiting in a metro station.	the people are outside in the snow.	contradiction
several people are waiting in a metro station.	the people are indoors.	entailment
a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.	a small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.	a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.	a small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence	entailment
two wrestlers in an intense match.	two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner.	contradiction
two wrestlers in an intense match.	two wrestlers are competing and are brothers.	neutral
two wrestlers in an intense match.	wrestlers are participating in a match.	entailment
a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward.	there was a bad accident	neutral
a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward.	a man walks near a police sign	entailment
a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward.	a panda jumps	contradiction
a person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair.	a person is thrown into the air by a bungee-jumping ride	entailment
a person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair.	a person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride	neutral
an asian man is performing with face paint on.	the asian man is drawing a crowd.	neutral
an asian man is performing with face paint on.	the asian man is at home in bed.	contradiction
an asian man is performing with face paint on.	the asian man is a performer.	entailment
an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.	an old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him	contradiction
an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.	an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him.	entailment
an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.	an ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him	neutral
two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera.	dogs are digging a hole.	entailment
two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera.	two cats are sleeping in the sun.	contradiction
two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera.	two dogs are digging under a rock.	entailment
the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.	there is a furry animal in the grass.	entailment
the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.	the animal is climbing a tree.	contradiction
the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.	the animal is walking through a forest.	neutral
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.	an officer driving down a street.	neutral
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.	an officer on a chopper.	contradiction
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.	an officer watching a jail cell.	contradiction
a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.	someone is flying through the sky	entailment
a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.	a person is driving a tractor	contradiction
a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.	a person is skydiving alone	neutral
a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.	the man is running the train into another train.	contradiction
a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.	two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions.	neutral
a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.	a man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train.	entailment
a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table.	man in suit	contradiction
a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table.	monkey eats bananas	contradiction
a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table.	man on lunch break	contradiction
a young boy in a dental examination.	an older boy is at the hospital.	contradiction
a young boy in a dental examination.	a young boy is getting a cavity filled.	neutral
four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.	four people are walking along a mountain trail.	entailment
four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.	four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm.	neutral
four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.	no one is on the mountain trail	contradiction
a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside.	there are people outside the hotel.	entailment
a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside.	there is a red car passing the entrance of the hotel carmel.	contradiction
a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside.	the people are staying at the hotel carmel.	neutral
a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.	a woman was indoors before walking outside.	entailment
a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.	the woman is carrying a bag with her laptop.	neutral
a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.	a woman is wearing green.	contradiction
a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat.	a man is taking a picture of a school of whales in hawaii.	neutral
a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat.	a man is taking a picture of a goldfish.	contradiction
a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat.	a man is using a camera.	entailment
small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.	a dog is dressed up for halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume.	neutral
small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.	a small animal is trying to get some plant life.	entailment
small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.	a dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree.	contradiction
the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth.	there is an animal outdoors.	entailment
the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth.	the dog is sleeping on the couch.	contradiction
the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth.	the dog is playing fetch.	neutral
a man in a boom lift bucket welds.	a man is working indoors.	neutral
a man in a boom lift bucket welds.	a man is painting.	contradiction
a man in a boom lift bucket welds.	a man is working.	entailment
a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	the attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella.	neutral
a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	a raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella.	entailment
a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	the dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella.	contradiction
two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand.	a group of people are water skiing.	contradiction
two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand.	a group of people are playing basketball.	entailment
two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand.	the white team is winning a basketball game.	neutral
a group of people are outside working.	people are busy.	entailment
a group of people are outside working.	construction workers are building something.	neutral
a group of people are outside working.	a group of children are swimming outside.	contradiction
a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella.	a woman is talking.	entailment
a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella.	it is raining.	neutral
a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella.	a man is jogging.	contradiction
there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system.	a red bus backing up into a spot	contradiction
there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system.	a red bus at a bus stop	contradiction
there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system.	a red bus making a turn	entailment
two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.	it is nighttime.	contradiction
two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.	there are clouds in the sky.	entailment
two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.	the two men are not wearing shirts.	neutral
people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally.	people are rallying.	entailment
people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally.	people are standing in a street.	entailment
people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally.	people are inside watching tv.	contradiction
an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics.	the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy	neutral
an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics.	the old lady looks into the mirror at the makeup table	entailment
an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics.	the old lady plays tennis with a dog	contradiction
a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.	a woman is standing in a kitchen.	neutral
a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.	a woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti.	contradiction
a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.	a woman is making a snack.	neutral
three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background.	two men sit in the water on boards	contradiction
three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background.	someone is being chased on a beach	neutral
three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background.	a number of young people run on a beach	entailment
a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background.	the singer is sleeping	contradiction
a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background.	a singer in a pea coat	entailment
a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background.	the singer is paid	neutral
overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an "angry "man "chokes" a woman who sticks out her tongue.	a man is hugging the woman	contradiction
overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an "angry "man "chokes" a woman who sticks out her tongue.	a man is mad at the woman	neutral
overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an "angry "man "chokes" a woman who sticks out her tongue.	a man chokes a woman	entailment
a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair.	a girl in a wheelchair.	entailment
a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair.	a girl is following her parents on a wheelchair.	neutral
a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair.	a girl is running outside.	contradiction
a man in a business suit has just crossed the street.	the man is walking to work.	neutral
a man in a business suit has just crossed the street.	the man is laying in the street.	contradiction
a man in a business suit has just crossed the street.	the man is walking.	neutral
an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.	an older man, probably a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.	entailment
an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.	a probable blacksmith is welding a tool.	entailment
an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it.	a farmer is milking the cow.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign.	two men display a sign to the camera.	entailment
a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign.	two men are throwing rocks at policemen.	contradiction
a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign.	a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally.	neutral
a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background.	a man is hitting a golf ball.	entailment
a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background.	the man is a poor golfer.	neutral
a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background.	the man is playing tennis.	contradiction
a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.	a woman is smoking a cigarette.	contradiction
a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.	an old man pushing a cart.	neutral
a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.	there is a man wearing cloths.	entailment
a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.	a person is outside near some water.	entailment
a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.	the man is standing by a river.	neutral
a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.	the man is swimming in the water.	contradiction
a dog jumps over a pile of wood.	a dog can jump.	entailment
a dog jumps over a pile of wood.	a dog rests on a pile of wood.	contradiction
a dog jumps over a pile of wood.	a dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit.	neutral
two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.	one of the men is a goalie.	neutral
two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.	the men are playing field hockey.	contradiction
two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.	the men are playing soccer.	entailment
a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.	there is a group of boys standing around looking at a sports car.	contradiction
a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.	a grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it.	neutral
a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.	a woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus.	entailment
a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.	the woman hits a ball.	entailment
a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.	a naked man offers his balls to the police officer.	contradiction
a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.	the girl hits the ball to her coach.	neutral
small girl riding in play car.	a girl is riding in a toy car.	entailment
small girl riding in play car.	a girl is about to crash her toy car.	neutral
small girl riding in play car.	a young boy sits in a lawn chair.	contradiction
a young man standing outside a laundromat.	a woman is at the laundromat.	contradiction
a young man standing outside a laundromat.	a man is waiting for his clothes to finish at the laundromat.	neutral
a young man standing outside a laundromat.	a man is standing.	entailment
a child on a swing.	a kid is on the swing.	entailment
a child on a swing.	the child is on a sled.	contradiction
a child on a swing.	the child is playing with friends on the swing.	neutral
a man is performing for a group in front of a white house.	the man's performance was outside of a house.	entailment
a man is performing for a group in front of a white house.	a man performed inside of a gymnasium.	contradiction
a man is performing for a group in front of a white house.	the man performed in front of his own house.	neutral
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.	a dog chases a boy	entailment
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.	a dog chases a boy to eat him	neutral
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.	a dog chases his tail	contradiction
a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.	man building a house out of stone.	contradiction
a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.	man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room.	entailment
a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.	man sitting at a tarot card shop, waiting for his palm to be read.	neutral
a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background.	nobody has a tattoo	contradiction
a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background.	a person with a tattoo	entailment
a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background.	a person with a great tatto	neutral
a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls.	a woman is dancing in an art gallery.	contradiction
a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls.	there is a person in a room.	entailment
a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls.	a woman is crying as she surveys her framing job.	neutral
a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.	girl plays in park	neutral
a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.	girls jumps off swing	entailment
a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.	a boy drinks coffee	contradiction
a group is walking between two giant rock formations.	a group is swimming.	contradiction
a group is walking between two giant rock formations.	a group is hiking.	neutral
a group is walking between two giant rock formations.	a group is walking.	entailment
four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.	three people are riding in a boat.	contradiction
four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.	four people are standing up.	entailment
four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.	the people are trying to cross a river without getting wet.	neutral
an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.	a man is near a toddler	entailment
an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.	a older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water	neutral
an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.	a grandfather is bathing his grandchild	neutral
the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.	women photographing statues for a magazine	neutral
the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.	two men taking pictures of animals	contradiction
the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.	women photographing statues	entailment
a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.	girl dressed in colorful swim gear.	entailment
a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.	girl dressed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen.	contradiction
a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.	girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool.	neutral
a man in purple tie is singing.	a man is talking to others.	contradiction
a man in purple tie is singing.	a man is singing.	entailment
a man in purple tie is singing.	a man is performing in a concert.	neutral
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.	the worker is a man.	neutral
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.	a worker uses a shovel.	entailment
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.	the worker is shoveling snow.	contradiction
an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	the man is old	entailment
an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	the man is 10 years old	contradiction
an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.	the man is 100 years old	neutral
four men in the forest move a cannon down the path.	the women are going for a run in the forest.	contradiction
four men in the forest move a cannon down the path.	the men are preparing to siege a castle.	neutral
four men in the forest move a cannon down the path.	the men are in the woods.	entailment
a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard.	a girl is baking a cake in her kitchen.	contradiction
a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard.	a little girl is drawing on the board during class.	neutral
a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard.	a young girl is drawing on a chalkboard.	entailment
a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer.	the woman is wearing shorts.	entailment
a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer.	the woman is wearing black shorts.	neutral
a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer.	the woman is wearing a dress.	contradiction
a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	a racer on horseback.	contradiction
a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	a person on a motorcycle.	entailment
a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.	a person waves at the camera.	contradiction
an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	an old woman is making spaghetti.	neutral
an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	an old woman is in the kitchen.	entailment
an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.	a young woman is making food in the kitchen.	contradiction
two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.	two sisters are eating lollipops.	neutral
two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.	two women are eating lollipops.	entailment
two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.	two sisters are eating cotton candy.	contradiction
a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around.	a man is getting tidied up for a job interview.	neutral
a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around.	a man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a loincloth.	contradiction
a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around.	a guy is getting his hair trimmed.	entailment
men at a party hanging out on the front porch.	there are no men at the party.	contradiction
men at a party hanging out on the front porch.	there are men at the party.	entailment
men at a party hanging out on the front porch.	they are smoking cigarettes on the porch.	neutral
a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage.	two guys kidnap a woman.	contradiction
a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage.	a man and a couple of women take a walk.	entailment
a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage.	a man and a pair of women are walking down a wooden path, with the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage.	entailment
girls giving a presentation for a school class.	the girls are inside a school.	entailment
girls giving a presentation for a school class.	the girls are watching a presentation in a classroom.	contradiction
girls giving a presentation for a school class.	the girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom.	neutral
a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.	a taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi.	neutral
a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.	a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit.	entailment
a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.	a older woman sits in a green and yellow taxi.	contradiction
the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack.	the sneakers are white.	contradiction
the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack.	the men are terrified.	neutral
the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack.	the men are using a phone.	entailment
a choir of youths are singing.	the children are singing at home	contradiction
a choir of youths are singing.	a choir of kids are singing	entailment
a choir of youths are singing.	they are singing in a christmas program	neutral
a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head.	something that is shown in the shot is made of paper.	entailment
a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head.	this person's only job is being a welder on an oil rig.	contradiction
a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head.	the guy just got a big tip from a customer.	neutral
a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt.	a couple of young people hanging out.	neutral
a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt.	an old couple watches the sunset.	contradiction
a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt.	a couple of young people are at a concert.	neutral
a man and a woman are on a seesaw.	two adults on a seesaw.	entailment
a man and a woman are on a seesaw.	two attractive adults on a seesaw.	neutral
a man and a woman are on a seesaw.	two children on a seesaw.	contradiction
the person is reading a book.	a person reads their favorite novel.	neutral
the person is reading a book.	a man listens to an audio book.	contradiction
the person is reading a book.	a person reads.	entailment
a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him.	the man is wearing a baseball cap.	contradiction
a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him.	a man is holding the leash of a dog.	entailment
a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him.	the dog is a retriever.	neutral
sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.	the young men are in complete agreement.	contradiction
sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.	young men are arguing.	entailment
sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.	young men went out on the balcony to argue in private.	neutral
a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.	a boy walks through the woods.	entailment
a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.	a girl walks through a field.	contradiction
a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.	a boy walks to school through the woods.	neutral
a group of young men are running in a grassy field.	the men are outside.	entailment
a group of young men are running in a grassy field.	the group of young men play a game while on break from work.	neutral
a group of young men are running in a grassy field.	a man sits by himself in the grass reading a book.	contradiction
a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	a woman keeps flowers to herself.	contradiction
a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	a man takes a flower from a woman.	entailment
a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	a couple interacts.	entailment
a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.	a little baby is wearing blue.	entailment
a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.	a little baby is wearing red.	contradiction
a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.	a little baby is having lunch.	neutral
a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair.	the man is ready to fight	contradiction
a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair.	the girl has a hot date tonight	neutral
a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair.	the girl is getting made up	entailment
there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone.	a women is on stage holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience.	contradiction
there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone.	a woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience.	neutral
there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone.	a woman is on stage holding a microphone.	entailment
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone.	a woman is holding a cellphone.	entailment
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone.	a woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory.	contradiction
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone.	a woman is calling her daughter.	neutral
a woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom.	the woman is standing	contradiction
a woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom.	a woman is sitting	entailment
a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.	a man with his diving gear.	contradiction
a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.	a man with his outfit	entailment
a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.	a man hiding his true identity.	neutral
two girls in bathing suits are in water.	girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour	neutral
two girls in bathing suits are in water.	two girls are swiming in a pool	neutral
two girls in bathing suits are in water.	two girls practicing swimming in a pool	neutral
women are working and digging in a field.	women are sitting on a grassy field.	contradiction
women are working and digging in a field.	women are digging in a field to plant corn.	neutral
women are working and digging in a field.	women are digging.	entailment
politician john mccain on a talk show.	john mccain is talking about politics.	neutral
politician john mccain on a talk show.	john mccain is hosting a talk show.	contradiction
politician john mccain on a talk show.	john mccain is on a talk show.	entailment
pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.	traffic drives through the crosswalk.	contradiction
pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.	traffic is stopped at a red light.	neutral
pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.	traffic waits for people to cross the street.	entailment
several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic.	neutral
several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	mane people sit in the street.	contradiction
several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	many people walk to the sidewalk.	entailment
person in a long red coat walking in front of a building.	a person gets ready to protest near a building.	neutral
person in a long red coat walking in front of a building.	a man in a coat takes a stroll outdoors.	entailment
a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture.	a child notices his mom taking a picture.	contradiction
a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture.	someone is taking a picture of a child.	entailment
a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture.	a child's mother takes a picture of her.	neutral
a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood.	a child is riding his bike	entailment
a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood.	the child is riding his bike to the park	neutral
a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood.	the child is at home watching movies	contradiction
a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.	a mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment.	neutral
a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.	people are outside.	entailment
a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.	the people are riding in a plane.	contradiction
an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing.	the tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art.	neutral
an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing.	the couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken.	entailment
an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing.	the young couple are taking pictures of the countryside.	contradiction
three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes.	three people sit in a cafe.	contradiction
three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes.	the performers are performing in a cabaret.	neutral
three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes.	three performers wear lace costumes.	entailment
a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle.	a human is riding a vehicle.	entailment
a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle.	a little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike.	neutral
a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle.	a little girl in a gray jacket is driving a car.	contradiction
three people are outside.	three people enjoying the great outdoors.	neutral
three people are outside.	two people standing.	neutral
three people are outside.	three people in nature.	entailment
uniformed group walks down a street.	a group of soldiers patrol the street.	neutral
uniformed group walks down a street.	a group of people watch a movie.	contradiction
uniformed group walks down a street.	a group of people walk down the street.	entailment
two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk.	two people are outside walking together.	entailment
two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk.	two girls are walking through new york city.	neutral
two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk.	an old pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos.	contradiction
two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.	kids are splashing around in a fountain.	entailment
two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.	kids are taking a bath.	contradiction
two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.	kids are are standing in a fountain.	entailment
a man in a black hat opens his mouth.	a person separates his upper and lower jaw.	entailment
a man in a black hat opens his mouth.	the governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes.	neutral
a man in a black hat opens his mouth.	a man in black hat keeps his lips sealed.	contradiction
a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other.	the top is pink	entailment
a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other.	the glass bottle is big	neutral
a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other.	the doll isn't stitch	contradiction
a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below.	man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view.	neutral
a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below.	man jumps off cliff near city.	entailment
a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below.	man walks down a hill.	contradiction
a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on.	both of these women are clinically mute.	contradiction
a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on.	a young woman stands near a stove.	entailment
a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on.	a young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe.	neutral
two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background.	they are hanging out with mr. rogers.	contradiction
two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background.	they are in the kitchen.	entailment
two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background.	they are indoors.	entailment
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.	the man is walking his dog.	contradiction
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.	a man is grilling.	entailment
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.	the man is making hot dogs and hamburgers.	neutral
two men entering a brick home during the snow.	the men are contractors	neutral
two men entering a brick home during the snow.	there is snow outside	entailment
two men entering a brick home during the snow.	it's a bright summer day when the men enter the home	contradiction
a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.	nobody is poking	contradiction
a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.	a human poking	entailment
a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.	a tall human poking	neutral
two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame.	the men are working on something.	entailment
two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame.	the two men are brothers.	neutral
two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame.	the men are sleeping in a bed.	contradiction
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.	two females are holding sacks.	entailment
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.	two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping.	neutral
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.	some women are applying makeup.	contradiction
the young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.	a girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves.	contradiction
the young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.	a girl is falling off a pier, into a lake.	neutral
two women sitting at a table with their hands together.	two women are sitting down.	entailment
two women sitting at a table with their hands together.	two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch.	neutral
two women sitting at a table with their hands together.	two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages.	neutral
hikers walk along some tough terrain.	a mid-day tea party in a miniature house attracts these young girls.	contradiction
hikers walk along some tough terrain.	hiking pace along rough terrain.	entailment
hikers walk along some tough terrain.	hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall.	neutral
people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant.	people are in an ethnic establishment	entailment
people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant.	people are ready to order chinese food	contradiction
people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant.	people are listening to mariachi music	neutral
an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone.	a man is sleeping in front of a fountain.	contradiction
an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone.	a man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone.	neutral
an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone.	a man is talking outside on his phone.	entailment
an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms.	a cat sleeps soundly	contradiction
an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms.	a coach teaches his kids	neutral
an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms.	a man talks to kids	entailment
a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right.	the woman is sleeping on a pillow.	contradiction
a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right.	the woman is looking at a dog.	neutral
a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right.	a woman is looking at something to her right.	entailment
a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.	the rugby player is tall.	neutral
a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.	the person is playing rugby.	entailment
a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.	there is a person sitting on the bed.	contradiction
a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.	an old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street.	neutral
a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.	a human and an animal are outdoors.	entailment
a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.	a woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street.	contradiction
a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	the girl is watering pansies and daisies.	neutral
a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	the girl is giving the flowers some water.	entailment
a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.	the girl is putting water in the pot.	contradiction
the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.	some people have gone to the woods for training.	neutral
the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.	kid are allowed to attempt the assault course.	entailment
the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.	the girl tries on the blue dress at the store.	contradiction
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.	people enjoying the festivities in cancun.	neutral
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.	fiesta time!	entailment
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.	mourners toast their lost loved ones.	contradiction
a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.	a woman is bowling.	entailment
a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.	a woman is in a bowling alley.	neutral
a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.	a women is sleeping.	contradiction
two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.	two people are sitting on the side of the road.	contradiction
two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.	two people are working on their vehicle.	neutral
two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.	two people are looking at a car.	entailment
a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces.	a woman sits on a rug next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard.	entailment
a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces.	a woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament.	neutral
a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces.	a woman stands in a tv room and watches her son watching tv.	contradiction
a group of men, women and children are standing around.	a group of people are laying down.	contradiction
a group of men, women and children are standing around.	a large group of people are standing around.	entailment
a group of men, women and children are standing around.	a group of people are standing around.	entailment
a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.	a woman in an orange jacket.	contradiction
a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.	a women walking outdoors.	entailment
a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.	two elderly men cat calling at a woman.	neutral
a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow.	a mother and her child are playing in the snow.	neutral
a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow.	there is a child on a sled.	entailment
a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow.	the woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads.	contradiction
a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair.	a male model with a mohawk, tattoos, and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera.	neutral
a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair.	a man is taking photos of his cat.	contradiction
a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair.	a man is in a chair.	entailment
two men pouring concrete onto another truck.	there are two men	entailment
two men pouring concrete onto another truck.	they are friends	neutral
two men pouring concrete onto another truck.	the men are eating lunch	contradiction
batter hits a baseball	a man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat.	neutral
batter hits a baseball	a man in a baseball game hits a foul ball.	neutral
batter hits a baseball	an umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is "out".	contradiction
a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.	the dog is asleep in the grass.	contradiction
a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.	a black dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its owner.	entailment
a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.	the black dog is swimming.	entailment
a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans.	a girl is fighting a veteran.	contradiction
a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans.	a young boy is being forced to remind others of veterans.	neutral
a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans.	a young boy is honoring fallen veterans.	entailment
a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric.	a horse jumps over a fence.	contradiction
a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric.	an acrobat is hanging upside down.	entailment
a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric.	a circus is going on.	neutral
a musical group performs on stage with their instruments.	a rock band performs on the beach.	contradiction
a musical group performs on stage with their instruments.	a group performs with instruments.	entailment
a musical group performs on stage with their instruments.	the jazz band performs.	neutral
two samoyads play in the snow.	it is snowy outside.	neutral
two samoyads play in the snow.	the samoyads are wrestling.	neutral
two samoyads play in the snow.	the samoyads are eating their dinner.	contradiction
a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb.	the boy has his face painted.	entailment
a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb.	the boy lost his pacifier.	neutral
a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb.	the boy is not sucking his thumb.	contradiction
a young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall.	a boy is sitting on a log.	entailment
a young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall.	a boy is thinking outside.	neutral
two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass.	the two girls are sisters.	neutral
two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass.	two boys smile wearing tank tops.	contradiction
two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass.	two girls smile wearing sunglasses.	entailment
children are playing in the street with a toy.	the children have a ball.	neutral
children are playing in the street with a toy.	the children are near some cars.	neutral
children are playing in the street with a toy.	the children are inside.	contradiction
man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him.	a man is holding a musical instrument.	entailment
man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him.	a man is about to perform a song.	neutral
man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him.	a woman sits on the floor near a blue bike.	contradiction
a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	the boy is sitting.	entailment
a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	the boy is 2 years old.	neutral
a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.	the boy is standing.	contradiction
a person is surfing a big wave.	a person is sitting in a chair.	contradiction
a person is surfing a big wave.	 a person is surfing a big hundred foot wave.	neutral
a person is surfing a big wave.	 a person is surfing.	entailment
a boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left	two boys are surrounded by toys.	entailment
a boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left	the two boys are having a playdate arranged by their mothers.	neutral
a male baseball player for the baseball team the indians prepares to catch a ball.	that player has never missed a catch.	neutral
a male baseball player for the baseball team the indians prepares to catch a ball.	the male baseball player belongs to the cleveland indians.	entailment
a soldier using binoculars in a desert.	a soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert.	neutral
a soldier using binoculars in a desert.	a soldier using binoculars outside in the heat.	entailment
a soldier using binoculars in a desert.	a soldier standing outside of a palace.	contradiction
a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims.	a dog is about to be attacked by a gator.	neutral
a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims.	a dog is sleeping.	contradiction
a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims.	people are crossing a river.	entailment
a beach boardwalk during summertime.	a path covered by snow.	contradiction
a beach boardwalk during summertime.	a hot summer by the beach on the walkway.	entailment
a beach boardwalk during summertime.	a wooden path towards the shore.	entailment
a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.	the singer did not show up	contradiction
a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.	a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage	entailment
a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.	a singer is on american idol	neutral
a busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime.	nobody is lined up	contradiction
a busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime.	tall people lined up	neutral
a man cycling on road and enjoying.	a man enjoys his bike.	entailment
a man cycling on road and enjoying.	a man is enjoying his favorite route.	neutral
a man cycling on road and enjoying.	a man is asleep in his bed.	contradiction
a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.	a personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests.	neutral
a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.	a person in appropriate institution protection works with meals.	entailment
a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.	a young man with earrings and a mohawk, prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant.	neutral
a dog biting a man's rear	an animal is biting a man.	entailment
a dog biting a man's rear	an animal bit its owner.	neutral
a dog biting a man's rear	a cat attacks a man.	contradiction
a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre.	a man is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre.	entailment
a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre.	a man just purchased some lottery tickets.	neutral
a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre.	a man in a red jacket is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre.	contradiction
a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves.	a cat running up a tree	contradiction
a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves.	a dog running down a road	entailment
a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves.	a dog running down a leaf covered road carrying a ball in it's mouth	entailment
a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it.	a couple walks in front of a building.	entailment
a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it.	a couple walks in front of a boat.	contradiction
a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it.	a couple walks in front of a three story building.	neutral
a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.	a man is carrying a bag on his back.	entailment
a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.	a man is hiking outside with a bag on his back.	neutral
a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.	a man is outside with no bag on his back.	contradiction
two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in.	two boys in a boat	entailment
two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in.	two boys in a sailboat	contradiction
two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in.	boys trying to escape an incoming storm	neutral
a swan landing in a lake.	a bird is on a lake.	entailment
a swan landing in a lake.	a swan is flying away from a lake.	contradiction
a swan landing in a lake.	a bird is looking for food on a lake.	neutral
the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand.	the person has a coat on.	entailment
the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand.	the woman is sleeping.	contradiction
the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand.	the woman is trying to get a picture of her friend.	neutral
in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.	the log is for firewood.	neutral
in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.	the men have put out a fire.	contradiction
in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.	the men felled the log in a snowy area.	entailment
a group of students are walking through the campus.	a group of people are walking together	entailment
a group of students are walking through the campus.	a group of people sit at home	contradiction
a group of students are walking through the campus.	there is a school tour going on	neutral
a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	a sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	neutral
a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	a woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	contradiction
a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	a person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.	entailment
three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night.	the men are repairing the streets.	entailment
three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night.	three men are doing repairs.	entailment
three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night.	three men in orange suits escaped from prison.	contradiction
a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side.	a little girl lays on a hospital bed	contradiction
a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side.	a kid is at the hospital	entailment
a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side.	a kid broke his leg	neutral
two people are participating in the sport fencing.	two people competing in a fencing tournament	neutral
two people are participating in the sport fencing.	two people holding fencing swords	entailment
two people are participating in the sport fencing.	two people playing dodgeball	contradiction
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is riding his board.	entailment
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is doing a jump on rollerblades.	contradiction
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is doing a trick.	neutral
a man biking down a tunnel.	a man is playing video games.	contradiction
a man biking down a tunnel.	a person is on a bike.	entailment
a man biking down a tunnel.	a man is winning a bike race.	neutral
a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background.	they are swimming in the lake.	contradiction
a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background.	there is a man and a woman.	entailment
a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background.	they have been swimming.	neutral
a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach.	a dad and son is playing on the beach.	entailment
a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach.	a man and a boy is playing on the beach.	entailment
three children are shooting guns in the woods.	three children are in a forested area.	entailment
three children are shooting guns in the woods.	three children are making a cup of tea together.	contradiction
three children are shooting guns in the woods.	three children are shooting a deer.	neutral
people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.	people are playing video games.	contradiction
people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.	the hikers have backpacks.	neutral
people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.	the mountain is bare.	entailment
an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.	a woman is taking a picture outdoors	neutral
an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.	a woman is inside at the movies	contradiction
an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.	a person is outside	entailment
a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.	a woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom.	neutral
a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.	a woman and two men are negotiating a threesome.	neutral
a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.	a woman and two men are talking amongst themselves.	entailment
a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop.	a man is blowing out his birthday cake.	contradiction
a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop.	a man is out in public.	entailment
a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop.	the adult is shopping for a gift.	entailment
people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market.	people buy produce at a market.	entailment
people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market.	people are dancing to music in a club.	contradiction
people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market.	people are shopping for many things at the market.	entailment
two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house.	the workers are sleeping.	contradiction
two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house.	the workers are working infront of the house	entailment
two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house.	the workers are standing on the ground	entailment
a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."	the guy is looking for a job.	neutral
a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."	the gentleman is standing by the table.	contradiction
a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."	the male is a poet.	entailment
people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.	people are walking outside.	entailment
people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.	people are riding a bus.	contradiction
people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.	homeless people are walking outside.	neutral
a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman.	the man is visiting gettysburg national cemetary in gettysburg pa with his family.	neutral
a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman.	the man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river, enjoying the noonday sun.	contradiction
a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman.	there are both people and animals in this picture.	entailment
a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall.	the man wants to purchase some produce.	neutral
a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall.	the man is walking in a direction.	entailment
a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall.	the man is sitting on a bench.	contradiction
indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.	race cars	entailment
indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.	people playing racketball	contradiction
indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.	a driver passing his opponent on the last lap	neutral
a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl.	a family is at the mall	neutral
a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl.	a woman is driving her kids around	contradiction
a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl.	a woman is with a couple of children	entailment
a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.	a child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge.	neutral
a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.	a child takes a nap on a couch.	contradiction
a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.	a child looks at the sky outside.	entailment
she is cooking food while wearing a dress.	a woman in a dress cooks food.	entailment
she is cooking food while wearing a dress.	a woman in a dress prepares a steak.	neutral
she is cooking food while wearing a dress.	a woman in a dress dances in the club.	contradiction
four dogs of varying breeds running through a field.	various dogs sleeping in a house.	contradiction
four dogs of varying breeds running through a field.	some animals outdoors.	entailment
four dogs of varying breeds running through a field.	some dogs playing in grass.	neutral
a choir practicing in a church.	a choir is preparing to sing for a wedding.	neutral
a choir practicing in a church.	a group of singers sings.	entailment
a choir practicing in a church.	a group of people is yelling and shouting.	contradiction
two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.	the woman looks weary.	entailment
two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.	the woman looks like she's full of energy.	contradiction
two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.	the woman had a long day.	neutral
a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.	a young boy wears a helmet and biking boots.	neutral
a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.	a young boy wears a helmet while on a motorcycle.	entailment
a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.	a young boy is watering some plants.	contradiction
two children play in the snow by the side of the road.	kids are building a snow man.	neutral
two children play in the snow by the side of the road.	toddles are roasting marshmallows.	contradiction
two children play in the snow by the side of the road.	kids are enjoying the cold weather.	neutral
a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path.	a man with headphones is biking.	neutral
a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path.	a man is biking down a path.	entailment
a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path.	a woman is jogging down a road.	contradiction
a man is throwing something into the road.	a man throws salt on a snowy road.	neutral
a man is throwing something into the road.	a man is near the road.	entailment
a man is throwing something into the road.	a man paints a house.	contradiction
a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help.	a skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three men watch excitedly	contradiction
a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help.	an injured skier being taken for medical help	entailment
a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help.	three men help a skier	entailment
young children play on scaffolding.	happy children play on scaffolding.	neutral
young children play on scaffolding.	young men play on scaffolding.	contradiction
young children play on scaffolding.	young people play on scaffolding.	entailment
a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus.	the woman is folding the laundry	contradiction
a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus.	the woman has been fishing in the ocean	neutral
a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus.	there is a woman outside.	entailment
two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.	pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys.	entailment
two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.	the body of water is a lake.	neutral
two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.	the two young boys are playing kickball at the park.	contradiction
two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them.	two men working on the roof of an apartment building	entailment
two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them.	two men not working on the roof of an apartment building	contradiction
two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them.	two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building	neutral
a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope.	the man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs.	contradiction
a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope.	a man is climbing a rope.	entailment
a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope.	the man climbing a rope to get to the top.	neutral
a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.	the couple are wearing yellow bandanas.	contradiction
a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.	the woman is a dirty hippie.	neutral
a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.	the people are wearing bandanas.	entailment
a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.	a girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake's skin in her hands	neutral
a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.	a girl is sitting on her couch coloring her fingernails.	contradiction
a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.	a girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake.	entailment
a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city.	a taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their cellphones.	contradiction
a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city.	a trolley taking people to work and school.	neutral
a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city.	a trolley making it's way through a city.	entailment
a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	the young woman removes her clothes, "i came in like wrecking ball!"	contradiction
a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	a young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	entailment
a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.	the photo is taking place in a gym.	neutral
a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.	a girl watches everybody loves raymond.	contradiction
a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.	a girl debates eating at a certain restaurant.	neutral
a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.	a girl in front of a building.	entailment
four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera.	four people are walking	entailment
four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera.	four people are sleeping at home	contradiction
four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera.	a group of friends are headed to wendys	neutral
a man is squatting on the ground.	a man is in his bed asleep.	contradiction
a man is squatting on the ground.	a man is near the ground.	entailment
a man is squatting on the ground.	a man is searching for something he dropped.	neutral
a group of people gather around a truck.	a group of people sit in the living room.	contradiction
a group of people gather around a truck.	a group of people gather near the monster truck.	neutral
a group of people gather around a truck.	a group are gathered near a vehicle.	entailment
a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	the lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich	entailment
a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	the lady on the table is leeping	contradiction
a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.	the lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone	neutral
a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur.	the woman is watching television	contradiction
a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur.	the woman is using a magnification device	entailment
a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur.	the woman is in an outdoor park	neutral
stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.	two players are sitting on a couch.	contradiction
stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.	a football game is being played.	neutral
stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.	a wide reciever is trying to make a catch.	neutral
two men outside of a restaurant.	two men are eating inside a restaurant.	contradiction
two men outside of a restaurant.	two men are sitting on the restaurant patio.	neutral
two men outside of a restaurant.	two men are outside.	entailment
army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on.	some of the people here have been in the armed forces.	entailment
army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on.	no animal products can be seen here.	contradiction
army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on.	the men here will eat a lot of food soon.	neutral
a boy splashing through the ocean.	the boy is at the beach.	entailment
a boy splashing through the ocean.	the boy is in kansas.	contradiction
a boy splashing through the ocean.	the boy is swimming.	entailment
a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind.	the pet is taking a nap.	contradiction
a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind.	there is an animal outside.	entailment
a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind.	a dog is running towards it's owner.	neutral
a woman happy about something.	a happy woman.	entailment
a woman happy about something.	a woman is happy that her husband is home from work.	neutral
a woman happy about something.	a man is yelling at his wife.	contradiction
two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor.	there are two women and two children.	entailment
two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor.	there are two women and two sleeping children.	contradiction
two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor.	two mothers and their children are playing.	neutral
a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage.	the cheerleaders are sitting in the stands.	contradiction
a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage.	they are holding pom poms.	neutral
a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage.	cheerleaders are performing.	entailment
a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.	a man is singing indoors.	entailment
a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.	the man is buying a new guitar at the store.	contradiction
a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.	someone is playing a song for a group of people.	neutral
a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks.	a man and woman ride a mule	entailment
a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks.	the couple is driving	contradiction
a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks.	the couple is sleeping.	contradiction
a photographer carefully sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background.	a man has a camera in the woods.	neutral
two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying "politie" on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd.	the crowd are composed of one person.	contradiction
two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying "politie" on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd.	the women are married.	neutral
two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying "politie" on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd.	the women are wearing clothes	entailment
a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book.	a woman is wearing glasses and a brown beanie.	entailment
a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book.	a woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie.	neutral
a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book.	a woman is wearing glasses and a white beanie.	contradiction
a man is dancing in front of a band.	the man is buying groceries.	contradiction
a man is dancing in front of a band.	the man is having a good time.	neutral
a man is dancing in front of a band.	a man is dancing.	entailment
a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform.	a group of friends are travelling to hawaii.	neutral
a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform.	a group of people are pulling suitcases.	entailment
a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform.	two couples are drinking a lemonade.	contradiction
a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.	a painter is sketching.	entailment
a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.	a painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm.	neutral
a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.	a painter is doing a watercolor painting.	neutral
a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event.	the woman is at a ski lodge	contradiction
a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event.	the woman is at a party	neutral
a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event.	the woman is outdoors	entailment
a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	a man is carrying a little girl off the ground.	entailment
a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	a man is carrying his daughter above his head.	neutral
a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.	a man is playing monopoly with a little girl.	contradiction
as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee.	a player falls face first	contradiction
as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee.	a player makes a diving catch	entailment
as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee.	a player makes the game winning catch	neutral
a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.	a man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him	contradiction
a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.	a homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive	neutral
a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.	a man performs for the public	entailment
a young football player watches a game with his coach.	a basketball player watches a game.	contradiction
a young football player watches a game with his coach.	two people are watching a game.	entailment
two boys run to the entryway of an old building.	two kids are running after a dog that got away.	neutral
two boys run to the entryway of an old building.	two young men are in a hurry.	entailment
two boys run to the entryway of an old building.	a couple of children are eating popsicles at a birthday party.	contradiction
a group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background.	the ladies are all seated.	entailment
a group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background.	the ladies are friends.	neutral
the dogs are playing on the bed.	dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed.	neutral
the dogs are playing on the bed.	two cats playing on the bed together.	contradiction
the dogs are playing on the bed.	dogs playing together inside.	entailment
four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates.	kids eat at a table.	entailment
four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates.	kids play outside.	contradiction
four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates.	kids sitting at a table.	entailment
a woman is observing pictures on a camera.	a women observing a camera	entailment
a woman is observing pictures on a camera.	a women purchasing a new camera from the store.	neutral
a woman is observing pictures on a camera.	a women cradling a baby.	contradiction
a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.	a baseball player not sliding into a base	contradiction
a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.	a baseball player joyously sliding into a base	neutral
a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.	a baseball player sliding into a base	entailment
a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	a dog sleeping on the porch.	contradiction
a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	a brown dog swims.	entailment
a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	a brown dog swims with their owner.	neutral
a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.	two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer.	contradiction
a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.	a young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs.	neutral
a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.	a woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building.	entailment
a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.	the brick building had glass doors in front	entailment
a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.	the man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane	neutral
a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.	the man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors	neutral
a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.	a man is playing a brown guitar	neutral
a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.	the man is also playing the drums	contradiction
a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.	a man is playing guitar	entailment
two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor.	the boys are having fun playing with the train set.	neutral
two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor.	two girls are playing with dolls.	contradiction
two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor.	the floor is made of wood.	entailment
a group of individuals are sitting together in a room.	the people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant.	neutral
a group of individuals are sitting together in a room.	there are several people in this picture, and they are all inside.	entailment
a group of individuals are sitting together in a room.	the people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local family fun center.	contradiction
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	a woman in a blue tank top holding a car.	contradiction
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	a woman is drinking.	neutral
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	a woman in a pink tank top holding a mug.	entailment
a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.	people are watching a ball game.	contradiction
a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.	people are taking pictures of the indy 500.	neutral
a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.	people are taking pictures.	entailment
two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.	two girls hiding behind a wall.	neutral
two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.	girls standing up against a wall.	entailment
two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.	two girls playing hopscotch in an open court.	contradiction
the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.	a dog is yawning	entailment
the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.	a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk	neutral
the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.	a dog is running	contradiction
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.	a bench rests on a man	contradiction
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.	a man relaxes on a bench	entailment
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.	a person rests on seat	neutral
a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.	a woman in a gray shirt looking at her book.	neutral
a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.	a woman in a gray shirt looking onward.	neutral
a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.	a woman in a red shirt baking a cake.	contradiction
a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.	the dog is a shitzu.	neutral
a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.	the crazy cat lady is scooping the litter box.	contradiction
a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.	a woman is playing with her dog.	entailment
a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces.	a girl chokes out a boy with shoelaces	contradiction
a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces.	a girl helps a boy tie his shoes	entailment
a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces.	a girl helps her brother tie his shoes	neutral
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man with a girl on a swing.	contradiction
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man with a girl playing.	entailment
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde.	neutral
two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.	some kids pass their friends on a street.	neutral
two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.	some kids eat dinner with their families.	contradiction
two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.	some kids pass other kids on a street.	entailment
a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food.	a group of people standing around waiting for a bus.	contradiction
a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food.	a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch.	neutral
a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food.	a group of people buy food.	entailment
a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.	the pet is eating.	contradiction
a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.	a dog is on the beach.	entailment
a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.	a dog is running towards its owner.	neutral
a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.	the people are in a city.	entailment
a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.	the people are indoors.	contradiction
a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.	the traffic is busy.	neutral
a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.	a woman is standing in high heels, leaning against a wall.	contradiction
a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.	a woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock.	neutral
a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.	a woman is wearing only one shoe.	entailment
this man is working with an i-pad.	the man is typing a paper	neutral
this man is working with an i-pad.	the man has a pc	contradiction
this man is working with an i-pad.	the man is eating lunch	contradiction
a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk.	a man polishes a floor next to a can	entailment
a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk.	a man polishes a floor	entailment
a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk.	a man sleep	contradiction
two little girls dancing on the floor	two kids happily jiving on the dance floor.	neutral
two little girls dancing on the floor	two kids playing on the playground.	contradiction
two little girls dancing on the floor	two kids jiving on the dance floor.	neutral
a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	the woman is wearing a skirt.	neutral
a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	the woman is blonde.	contradiction
a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.	a woman is wearing a white shirt.	entailment
a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.	a man is wearing a suit.	contradiction
a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.	a person addresses a crowd.	entailment
a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.	a man gives a speech about the economy.	neutral
men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.	men are playing basketball.	entailment
men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.	men are playing basketball, the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw.	contradiction
men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.	men are playing basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup.	neutral
large brown dog walking in shallow water.	a brown dog is walking outside	entailment
large brown dog walking in shallow water.	a dog is lying on the carpet.	contradiction
large brown dog walking in shallow water.	an animal is in water	entailment
an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room.	the man is old	entailment
an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room.	the man frowns at the camera	contradiction
an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room.	the man is a father	neutral
red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.	the blonde lawyer refused to comment.	contradiction
red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.	she answers questions while sitting at a table.	entailment
red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.	the pr rep fielded questions during the interview.	neutral
a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.	the curb is dangerous.	neutral
a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.	the skateboard is grinding.	entailment
a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.	the skateboard is resting.	contradiction
the players manuever for the soccer ball.	soccer players play outside.	neutral
the players manuever for the soccer ball.	soccer players are trying to get the ball.	entailment
the players manuever for the soccer ball.	bowlers are eating sandwiches.	contradiction
a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.	a female has a bee on her hand.	neutral
a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.	the hat wearing girl is petting a cat.	contradiction
a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.	the girl is in contact with an insect.	entailment
a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.	somebody saw something in the sky	neutral
a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.	no one saw the rainbow in the sky	neutral
a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.	there was a group of people present	entailment
a group of dogs stand in the snow.	there are animals outdoors.	entailment
a group of dogs stand in the snow.	some animals are forced to stand still in snow.	neutral
a group of dogs stand in the snow.	a woman in neon green hails a cab alone.	contradiction
a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.	the headscarf is a gift.	neutral
a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.	the day is hot.	entailment
a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.	the man is completely nude.	contradiction
a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path.	the cyclist is traveling faster than the cars.	neutral
a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path.	the cyclist is riding on water.	contradiction
a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path.	the cyclist rides on a public street.	entailment
people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.	a family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy	neutral
people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.	people hanging outside by the water	entailment
people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.	3 people are seated with their backs against each other	contradiction
two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	the guy's jacket is red.	entailment
two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	the guy is wearing a cap.	neutral
two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.	a guy is wearing a red jacket.	entailment
a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	a youngster is paddling a canoe.	contradiction
a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	a boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building.	contradiction
a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.	a child is exercising among garbage.	contradiction
a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival.	a woman drinks a beer.	contradiction
a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival.	a woman inspects a garment.	entailment
a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival.	a woman checks for a stain on her son's shirt at the festival.	neutral
a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal.	a man throwing a frisbee.	entailment
a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal.	a man digging a hole.	contradiction
a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal.	a man playing in a tournament.	neutral
three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "demos, the business of care."	a trio of humans is sitting.	entailment
three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "demos, the business of care."	three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves.	contradiction
three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "demos, the business of care."	there are some people at a business meeting.	neutral
a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.	the people are tourists	neutral
a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.	some people are sitted	entailment
a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.	the people are standing at the cliff	contradiction
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape.	the rider is in his garage	contradiction
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape.	the rider is following his friends in the sand.	neutral
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape.	the rider is outdoors.	entailment
a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains.	a group of children are on stage	entailment
a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains.	a group of children are performing a play	neutral
a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains.	a group of children are sitting at desks	contradiction
a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him.	a man is shooting a basketball at the goal.	contradiction
a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him.	a man is playing tennis.	entailment
a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him.	a man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match.	neutral
a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around.	elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around.	contradiction
a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around.	humans are outside going to various shopping places.	neutral
a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around.	humans are outside meandering around.	entailment
smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	many toys strewn about on the floor.	entailment
smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	a man playing with an airplane.	contradiction
smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor	the baby's diaper is full of feces.	contradiction
two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him.	the players are brazilian	neutral
two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him.	the players are asleep	contradiction
two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him.	people playing soccer	entailment
two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence.	two dogs are in the yard.	entailment
two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence.	two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace.	contradiction
two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence.	two dogs are outside.	entailment
an elderly male is blowing air into an object.	an elderly male is blowing air inyto an object	entailment
an elderly male is blowing air into an object.	the elderly man  was blowing up a balloon	neutral
an elderly male is blowing air into an object.	the elderly man gave up blowing air into the object	contradiction
a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera.	the man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera.	neutral
a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera.	a man is sitting at a table in a bistro.	contradiction
a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera.	a street vendor is smiling at a camera.	entailment
a boy plays basketball.	a boy is playing football.	contradiction
a boy plays basketball.	the boy is going to dunk the ball.	neutral
a boy plays basketball.	the boy is on a basketball court.	neutral
a boy jumps on the beach.	a boy jumps in the air.	entailment
a boy jumps on the beach.	a boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built.	neutral
a boy jumps on the beach.	a boy is happy to be so close to the water.	neutral
two dogs run across the woods.	the dogs laid down on the rug	contradiction
two dogs run across the woods.	the canines run around in the forest.	entailment
two dogs run across the woods.	the dogs are running after an animal	neutral
a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street.	the young asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain.	neutral
a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street.	a young asian couple are swimming in the pool.	contradiction
a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street.	the young asian couple are walking together.	entailment
two men talk outdoors.	there are men outside	entailment
two men talk outdoors.	the men are watching a football game on the sofa	contradiction
two men talk outdoors.	the men are talking about their wives	neutral
boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.	a boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station.	neutral
boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.	a boy is sitting at a train station.	entailment
boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.	a little boy is walking out of the train.	contradiction
a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.	the children there together.	neutral
a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.	the girl in wearing a bathing suit.	entailment
a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.	there are no children present.	contradiction
a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.	the man is printing a shirt.	entailment
a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.	the shirt is blue with black lettering.	neutral
a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.	the man is printing some pants.	contradiction
a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station.	a young lady is outside the train station	entailment
a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station.	a lady is walking to her train	neutral
a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station.	a lady is taking a bus	contradiction
three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.	a bartender taps a keg.	contradiction
three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.	three friends hiking the appalachain trail.	neutral
three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.	hikers in the mountains.	entailment
child getting ready to go down a slide.	the child will go down the slide.	neutral
child getting ready to go down a slide.	the child is at the top of the slide.	entailment
child getting ready to go down a slide.	the child is on a swing.	contradiction
a person is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust.	the person wants to dig for something that is buried.	neutral
a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.	the woman is wearing a purple coat.	contradiction
a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.	the woman wearing the coat is relaxing.	entailment
a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.	the woman is waiting for someone to show up.	neutral
a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.	the crowd cheers.	entailment
a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.	the crowd knows their team will win.	neutral
a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.	a woman takes a nap.	contradiction
a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine.	the woman is sitting on the back porch.	contradiction
a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine.	the white woman is using an atm machine.	entailment
a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine.	the woman is withdrawing money.	neutral
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping.	entailment
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is outdoors.	neutral
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is lying down.	contradiction
a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.	traffic is being directed by a road worker.	entailment
a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.	construction is being done on the road.	neutral
a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.	a road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic.	contradiction
one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.	the children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of april	neutral
one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.	the children are eating pb&j sandwiches inside their kitchen.	contradiction
one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.	there are three children in this picture, and they are all outside.	entailment
a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case.	man is a girl	contradiction
a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case.	man standing in front of case	entailment
a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case.	man has a shirt on	entailment
in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.	the man is at home sleeping	contradiction
in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.	a man falls from a bull	entailment
in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.	the man is a farmer	neutral
a dog with a collar on lying on the street.	the dog is standing on two legs.	contradiction
a dog with a collar on lying on the street.	there is an animal outdoors.	entailment
a dog with a collar on lying on the street.	the dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street.	neutral
a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket.	a person in a robe sits on a couch	entailment
a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket.	a man sits on a couch	neutral
a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket.	a person in a suit is eating dinner	contradiction
a woman wearing sunglasses.	a woman is looking at somebody.	neutral
a woman wearing sunglasses.	a woman is speaking latin.	contradiction
a woman wearing sunglasses.	a woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses.	entailment
a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing.	the robe is brown.	entailment
a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing.	the robe is black.	contradiction
a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing.	the man is a great guitar player.	neutral
a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist.	a person riding a large animal.	entailment
a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist.	a man sitting on a camel.	contradiction
a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist.	an old asian man riding a baby elephant.	neutral
a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder.	a snowboarder is dressed up.	entailment
a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder.	a snowboarder is sleep.	contradiction
a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder.	a snowboarder is going snowboarding	entailment
a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike.	a woman is riding a skateboard.	contradiction
a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike.	a woman riding a bike.	entailment
a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike.	a woman riding a bike in a race.	neutral
little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.	a young girl cooks pancakes.	contradiction
little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.	a young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets.	neutral
little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.	a young girl flips an omelet.	entailment
a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.	there is no food on the plate.	contradiction
a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.	the girl is near food.	entailment
a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.	there is chinese food on the plate.	neutral
a boy posing on the soccer field.	the boy is on a soccer team.	neutral
a boy posing on the soccer field.	the boy is on the field.	entailment
a boy posing on the soccer field.	the boy is on a baseball field.	contradiction
a man painting a sign onto his food cart.	a man is working on a cart.	entailment
a man painting a sign onto his food cart.	everyone is in a restaurant.	contradiction
a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	a boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.	a boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts	entailment
a young man does tricks on his skateboard.	two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead.	contradiction
a young man does tricks on his skateboard.	a guy rolls forward.	neutral
a young man does tricks on his skateboard.	a youth engages in athleticism.	entailment
while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.	a woman rests on the shoulder of a man	entailment
while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.	a man rests on a womans shoulder	contradiction
while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.	a man's wife lays on his shoulder	neutral
a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand.	a basketball player dunking the ball.	contradiction
a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand.	a baseball player playing in a game.	entailment
a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand.	a baseball player catching a baseball.	contradiction
a young boy in suspenders.	the boy's suspenders are blue.	neutral
a young boy in suspenders.	the boy is dressed in a formal suit.	contradiction
a young boy in suspenders.	the boy has suspenders attached to his pants.	entailment
a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.	a dog wants back inside from the cold.	neutral
a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.	a dog plays in the winter.	entailment
a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.	a dog is warm in it's bed.	contradiction
a man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt.	the man is going into the temple to pray.	neutral
a man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt.	the man is outside.	entailment
many people on the beach holding a very large net.	the people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall.	contradiction
many people on the beach holding a very large net.	the people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets.	neutral
many people on the beach holding a very large net.	there are many people in this picture, and they are all outside.	entailment
a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.	a group of girls are walking to school.	neutral
a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.	a group of girls are outside.	entailment
a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.	a group of girls are sitting on a bench.	contradiction
a child stuck up in a tree.	a tree has a child stuck up in it.	entailment
a child stuck up in a tree.	a child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide.	neutral
a child stuck up in a tree.	a man is sawing down a telephone pole.	contradiction
a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.	the person is outdoors.	entailment
a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.	the person is indoors.	contradiction
a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.	the person is taking a nature hike.	neutral
a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	a person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	entailment
a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	a girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	contradiction
a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	a sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.	neutral
a man and his camel in the dusty desert.	a man and his camel	entailment
a man and his camel in the dusty desert.	the man and his goat in the farm	contradiction
a man and his camel in the dusty desert.	the man is mexican	neutral
a lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.	the animal is sitting under tree	contradiction
a lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.	there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree	contradiction
a man in suit waiting for the green light.	a man waits at a red light.	entailment
a man in suit waiting for the green light.	a man is on his way to work.	neutral
a man in suit waiting for the green light.	a man ran a red light.	contradiction
an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background.	a group of officers stand near a crime scene.	neutral
an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background.	a group of officers are standing.	entailment
an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background.	an officer enjoys coffee in a shop.	contradiction
a woman holding a newborn baby.	man runs fast	contradiction
a woman holding a newborn baby.	woman holds baby	entailment
a woman holding a newborn baby.	woman holds her new baby	entailment
the small dog is running across the lawn.	a dog is chasing a ball.	neutral
the small dog is running across the lawn.	a cat is running up a tree.	contradiction
the small dog is running across the lawn.	a mammal is running through the yard.	entailment
a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.	a dog is pulling a sled.	entailment
a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.	a dog is pulling a sled with bags.	neutral
a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.	a cat is playing in the snow.	contradiction
3 people are shopping in a market.	there are people at a market.	entailment
3 people are shopping in a market.	the three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw.	neutral
3 people are shopping in a market.	the three people are watching television together.	contradiction
a group of people are walking down a busy street.	a group of people are sitting in the library.	contradiction
a group of people are walking down a busy street.	a group of people are going to work.	neutral
a group of people are walking down a busy street.	there are people walking.	entailment
a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk.	a man is asleep	entailment
a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk.	a man is drinking coffee	contradiction
a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk.	a homeless man is sleeping outside	neutral
a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air.	the woman is jumping	entailment
a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air.	the woman is a professional skater	neutral
a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air.	the woman is eating a hot dog	contradiction
a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.	guys are playing shirts vs skins.	neutral
a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.	guys are sitting in a meeting.	contradiction
a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.	guys are indoors.	entailment
a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive.	a barber waits for business.	entailment
a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive.	a barber is closing his door.	contradiction
a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive.	a barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for business.	neutral
two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	two women stand in a kitchen.	entailment
two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	two women are having tea.	contradiction
two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	two women are doing dishes.	entailment
the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.	the man is next to the fence.	entailment
the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.	the man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence.	neutral
the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.	a man wearing pink is next to the blue fence.	contradiction
swimming in the wide blue ocean.	the ocean swims in the blue wideness.	contradiction
swimming in the wide blue ocean.	it is the backstroke.	neutral
swimming in the wide blue ocean.	some is staying afloat and moving in water.	entailment
a bird is perched on a tree branch.	a bird is perching in a tree.	entailment
a bird is perched on a tree branch.	a squirrel plays in a tree.	contradiction
a bird is perched on a tree branch.	an owl is perched on a tree branch.	neutral
a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.	a young man is sitting down.	entailment
a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.	a young man is resting.	neutral
a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.	a young man is playing basketball.	contradiction
three children in a black dog kennel.	there are dogs in the kennel.	contradiction
three children in a black dog kennel.	the kids are being punished.	neutral
three children in a black dog kennel.	kids are in a cage.	neutral
a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair.	the three best friends just got finished playing a game of musical chairs.	neutral
a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair.	two girls are standing next to a girl who is sitting.	entailment
a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair.	the three girls are arm wrestling in china town.	contradiction
by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device.	members of congress opening care packages.	contradiction
by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device.	a woman in green opening a box while a half concealed man manipulates a handheld device.	entailment
by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device.	a woman opening boxes while her colleague checks a shipping manifest.	neutral
two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.	two people are outside with animals.	entailment
two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.	two people are swimming at the gym.	contradiction
two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.	a couple is farming with their pet buffalo.	entailment
two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	the boys had sandwiches.	contradiction
two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	lilly and sally were laughing while eating lunch.	neutral
two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.	lilly and sally were eating lunch.	neutral
people stand along a train track and take pictures.	photographers take photos of the scene after a train accident.	neutral
people stand along a train track and take pictures.	some people are walking to the train station.	neutral
people stand along a train track and take pictures.	some people with cameras are standing on a train track.	entailment
a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background.	the cathedral is small.	contradiction
a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background.	the children are bored.	neutral
a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background.	the strollers are moving.	entailment
the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members.	nobody is talking	contradiction
the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members.	people talking	entailment
the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members.	tall people talking	neutral
two humans looking out in the distance from a hill.	two people are outdoors.	entailment
two humans looking out in the distance from a hill.	two people are rolling down the hill.	contradiction
two humans looking out in the distance from a hill.	two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike.	neutral
a young girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a young man spots her.	the young girl is wearing a black leotard	entailment
a young girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a young man spots her.	the young girl is wearing a white leotard	contradiction
a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.	two men boxing.	entailment
a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.	two men sit and enjoy lunch together.	contradiction
a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.	one man pounds another as they box.	neutral
a man holds two children in his arms.	a man with his two children running in front of him.	contradiction
a man holds two children in his arms.	a man poses for a photograph with his two grandchildren.	neutral
a man holds two children in his arms.	three humans together.	entailment
a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.	a woman leans against a fence	contradiction
a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.	a man leans against a fence	entailment
a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.	an accordion player leans against his fence	neutral
several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.	several women jump in a pool and splash each other.	contradiction
several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.	women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard.	entailment
several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.	several women wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard.	neutral
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.	the children are yelling loudly.	contradiction
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.	two young children are whispering to each other.	entailment
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.	they are whispering about their day.	neutral
a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.	there is a man running through a green field.	contradiction
a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.	the man is wearing designer fashions during a photoshoot.	neutral
a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.	there is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk.	entailment
a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.	the woman is naked	contradiction
a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.	the beach is cold	neutral
a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.	the girl has clothes on	entailment
a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.	a man plays a saxophone	entailment
a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.	a man performs on the street for tips	neutral
a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.	a man is eating a sandwich	contradiction
a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.	the man is in the fountain.	contradiction
a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.	the fountain has running water.	neutral
a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.	the man is talking to someone.	entailment
two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.	the women are next to a big elementary school	contradiction
two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.	the two women are taking care of a herd of animals	entailment
two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.	the women are both farmers	neutral
a surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine.	a man is cutting the grass.	contradiction
a surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine.	a surfer is in performing at a charity event.	neutral
a man is eating food next to a child on a bench.	man eating on a bench near a child.	entailment
a man is eating food next to a child on a bench.	man eating child.	contradiction
a man is eating food next to a child on a bench.	man eating his food while sitting with his daughter.	neutral
a large african american man sitting on a camping chair.	the large black man is running a race	contradiction
a large african american man sitting on a camping chair.	the large black man is relaxing in the chair	entailment
a large african american man sitting on a camping chair.	the large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak	neutral
a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table.	some men are eating dinner around a large round table.	contradiction
a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table.	some men are gathered around a table.	entailment
a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table.	some men are having a planning meeting in a room.	neutral
a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.	a young male in a white shirt.	entailment
a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.	a boy in a purple shirt.	contradiction
a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.	a blonde boy in a white shirt.	neutral
a man and a woman walk at a flea market.	the man and women are at a high priced store.	contradiction
a man and a woman walk at a flea market.	the deals can be found at flea markets.	neutral
a man and a woman walk at a flea market.	the couple are shopping for deals.	neutral
a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.	gerbils chat on gruveo.	contradiction
a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.	people are standing.	entailment
a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.	the building is historical.	neutral
eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.	the tourists stood at the railing looking down at the city	neutral
eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.	the tourists were on a bus tour	neutral
eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.	the attraction drew the attention of the tourists	entailment
a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right.	the group is eating lunch at a small cafe.	contradiction
a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right.	the group is taking a tour.	neutral
a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right.	the woman is walking away from the group.	entailment
man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings.	the man has no vocal cords.	contradiction
man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings.	the man loves to play music for people.	neutral
man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings.	the man knows how to play the guitar.	entailment
little boy peering into a glass display case.	a boy looks in a case	entailment
little boy peering into a glass display case.	a trophy is in the case	neutral
little boy peering into a glass display case.	a girl is walking	contradiction
a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.	this is a transportation station	entailment
a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.	the man is at a school	contradiction
a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.	the guards are watching a suspicious man	neutral
children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.	the children are playing in an amusement park.	contradiction
children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.	the children are playing in the sand.	entailment
children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.	the children playing in the sand all know each other.	neutral
four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand.	four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing.	neutral
four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand.	four children are outdoors playing.	entailment
four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand.	for small children are playing in the sand on a deserted beach.	contradiction
a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water.	the dog is jumping.	entailment
a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water.	the dog wants to play.	neutral
a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water.	the dog is sleeping.	contradiction
a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.	a man is watching his son playing on the swingset.	neutral
a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.	a man is swimming in the ocean.	contradiction
a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.	a man sees something while in a park.	entailment
a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.	the snowboarder has never tried this jump before.	neutral
a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.	a person is snowboarding.	entailment
a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.	the snowboarder is naked.	contradiction
a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.	a woman reaches into a basket at a store	contradiction
a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.	a man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat	entailment
a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.	a man reaches into a basket at a laundromat	entailment
there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces.	the woman is standing	entailment
there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces.	the dog is eating dinner	contradiction
there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces.	the family is trying to take a family picture	neutral
an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.	an emergency worker is at the beach.	contradiction
an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.	an emergency worker works at a crash scene.	neutral
an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.	an emergency worker helps outdoors.	entailment
the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.	a girl is playing outside on a swing.	neutral
the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.	a girl is sleeping in bed.	contradiction
the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.	the girl is swinging at the park.	neutral
a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.	a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech	entailment
a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.	a drunk talks loudly at a wedding	neutral
a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.	a man sits shyly near a bride	contradiction
a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall.	a lady walks down the street.	entailment
a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall.	a young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural.	contradiction
a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall.	a woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore.	neutral
a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand.	the helicopter is black.	neutral
a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand.	the man has nothing on his face.	contradiction
a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand.	a person is holding two objects.	entailment
a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.	a man stands near some fruit	entailment
a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.	a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits	neutral
a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.	a man stands in front of a small banana pile	neutral
a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone.	a woman is looking at a text on her cell phone.	neutral
a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone.	a woman has her cell phone up to her ear.	contradiction
a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone.	a woman is holding her cell phone.	entailment
a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.	the person is riding a brown horse.	neutral
a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.	the person is on a camel.	contradiction
a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.	the person is on a horse.	entailment
a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man.	a group of people are sleeping on pluto.	contradiction
a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man.	a group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed.	neutral
a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man.	a group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer.	entailment
a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.	a man interviews a boy.	entailment
a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.	a man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people.	contradiction
a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.	a man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and barney.	neutral
two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.	two people are at a party.	entailment
two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.	some people are doing something.	entailment
two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.	birds are migrating to a new place.	contradiction
a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	the two dogs belong to the lady.	neutral
a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	a lady has two dogs with her.	entailment
a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	the lady has the two dogs inside.	contradiction
a child being watched while getting something out of a tank.	the tank is getting something out of the child.	contradiction
a child being watched while getting something out of a tank.	the tank is filled with water.	neutral
a child being watched while getting something out of a tank.	the tank has an opening.	entailment
a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.	a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands, and a brick in the other.	neutral
a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.	a young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands.	contradiction
a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.	a child is chasing an animal.	entailment
a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away.	the young man jumping against the wall is hispanic.	neutral
a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away.	the young man is jumping against a wall.	entailment
a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away.	the young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party.	neutral
a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.	a boy admires a woman.	neutral
a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.	a boy is watching a woman.	entailment
a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.	a woman is checking out the men.	contradiction
a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.	the woman is doing a speech.	contradiction
a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.	the man is talking to himself.	neutral
a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.	an older man is talking.	entailment
an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.	a boy is riding to the store to get some candy.	neutral
an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.	a boy is riding his bike outside.	entailment
an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.	a boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood.	contradiction
a skier is heading into a grove of trees.	the person in the picture is riding a bike slowing up hill, pumping the pedals as hard as they can.	contradiction
a skier is heading into a grove of trees.	there is snow on the ground in this picture.	entailment
a skier is heading into a grove of trees.	the man, an amateur skier, has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill.	neutral
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.	a golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau.	neutral
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.	a golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway.	contradiction
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.	a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered land form.	entailment
a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby.	this woman is going to get married.	neutral
a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby.	the woman is modeling a wedding dress.	neutral
a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby.	the woman is handing out information	entailment
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.	a guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire.	contradiction
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.	a guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire.	neutral
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.	a guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth starts a blaze going.	entailment
people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.	people are caring for their lawns	entailment
people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.	people are planting daisies	neutral
people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.	people are planting in their homes.	contradiction
two men play basketball.	two friends are playing a game of horse in basketball	neutral
two men play basketball.	two men are playing sports	entailment
two men play basketball.	two friends are eating lunch	contradiction
women's soccer team competing on the field.	the women are winning the soccer game.	neutral
women's soccer team competing on the field.	a women's soccer game.	entailment
women's soccer team competing on the field.	the women are playing soccer on mars.	contradiction
kids play in the water in the middle of the street.	kids are laughing and playing.	neutral
kids play in the water in the middle of the street.	kids are playing in the water.	entailment
kids play in the water in the middle of the street.	kids are running from zombies.	contradiction
a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.	a woman rests on a bench in the day	entailment
a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.	a woman takes a much needed nap	neutral
a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.	a man takes a nap outside	contradiction
a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.	the man is wearing white pants.	contradiction
a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.	there is a black bandana.	entailment
a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.	the bandana is expensive.	contradiction
a man walks on the icy sidewalk.	the man almost slipped earlier.	neutral
a man walks on the icy sidewalk.	the man is outdoors.	entailment
a man walks on the icy sidewalk.	the man is sitting down.	contradiction
a group of people wait to cross the street in new york	group of people waiting to cross the street.	entailment
a group of people wait to cross the street in new york	people waiting in line at an amusement park.	contradiction
a group of people wait to cross the street in new york	some of the people are wearing sunglasses.	neutral
two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.	the zombies are busy playing with paper bags.	contradiction
two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.	two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a bag.	entailment
two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.	the friends are playing with paper and bags.	neutral
a bearded man sits near a white van.	a man waiting for someone near a white van.	neutral
a bearded man sits near a white van.	a man sitting outside near a van.	entailment
a bearded man sits near a white van.	a man sitting inside a red truck.	contradiction
the football player prepares to kick the ball.	a person is playing a sport.	entailment
the football player prepares to kick the ball.	the quarterback is throwing the football.	contradiction
the football player prepares to kick the ball.	the football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff.	neutral
a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.	a man is taking a shower.	contradiction
a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.	a guy is standing near a crowd of people.	entailment
a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.	a mime is performing for a group in the park.	neutral
a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads.	the man is bowling.	entailment
a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads.	the man has rental shoes on.	neutral
a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads.	the man is at home watching tv.	contradiction
a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade.	there is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume.	contradiction
a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade.	a small girl is in the parade for the marching band.	neutral
a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade.	a girl is by a parade.	entailment
a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.	the men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition.	contradiction
a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.	the man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket.	neutral
a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.	two men in dark clothing, one is reaching into a bag.	entailment
girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	a girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd.	neutral
girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	a girl plays guitar and sings on stage.	entailment
girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar	a man play the triangle.	contradiction
a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.	someone is fixing a net.	entailment
a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.	someone is preparing to catch fish.	entailment
a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.	someone is fixing a lawnmower.	contradiction
a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress.	the man knows the woman.	neutral
a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress.	the man is on the moon.	contradiction
a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress.	the man is friendly.	neutral
an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water.	an individual is playing guitar on the streets.	contradiction
an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water.	a poor person in tattered clothes kneels by the trash filled body of water.	entailment
an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water.	a homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river.	neutral
the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.	a woman is holding a tool.	entailment
the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.	a man is kicking some rocks.	contradiction
the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.	a woman is using a hammer to make something.	neutral
a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "lucky" full of bills.	a woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase.	contradiction
a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "lucky" full of bills.	a woman is posing for a photograph.	entailment
a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "lucky" full of bills.	a woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture.	neutral
a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.	the woman is white	neutral
a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.	a woman in a scarf	entailment
a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.	the woman is asleep at home	contradiction
a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.	a woman is wearing a blue coat	contradiction
a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.	a woman is wearing a black coat	entailment
a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.	a woman is enjoying a meal before bed	neutral
three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.	children chopping down tree in woods.	contradiction
three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.	children enjoying nature.	neutral
three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.	children crossing stream in forest.	neutral
a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown.	a man sits at home waiting for his dinner	contradiction
a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown.	a man at a restaurant	entailment
a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown.	a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife	neutral
cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.	the san francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement.	contradiction
cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.	a group of girls shake pom poms.	neutral
cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.	a group of people dance outdoors.	entailment
a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.	the man is looking to sell things.	neutral
a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.	a woman stands on a street corner.	contradiction
a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.	a man sits outside.	entailment
a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	the girl was running.	contradiction
a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	the boy was caught stealing.	neutral
a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.	the boy started running.	entailment
a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.	a woman and a man are outside.	entailment
a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.	two women embrace on the sidewalk.	contradiction
a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.	a woman and a man block the entire sidewalk.	neutral
a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.	a girl is on a bus going to get her groceries	contradiction
a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.	a girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance	neutral
a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.	a girl is entertaining on stage	entailment
a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.	a colonel speaks into the microphone.	neutral
a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.	a woman soldier speaks into the microphone.	contradiction
a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.	a soldier speaks into the microphone.	entailment
workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.	some workers are digging at a construction site.	contradiction
workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.	some window washers are preparing to start work.	neutral
workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.	there are workers on the scaffolding.	entailment
a couple sits in the grass.	a couple is having a picnic.	neutral
a couple sits in the grass.	people are outside.	entailment
a couple sits in the grass.	a couple is at a restaurant.	contradiction
a woman is petting a dog outside.	a person and an animal are interacting out of doors.	entailment
a woman is petting a dog outside.	a woman is sitting at the vet's office with her dog.	contradiction
a woman is petting a dog outside.	a woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick.	neutral
two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face.	two people do jump kicks	contradiction
two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face.	two people do karate	entailment
two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face.	a man sleeps in a chair	contradiction
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.	two karate men sparring with sticks for a competition	neutral
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.	two karate men sparring with sticks	entailment
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.	two men fist fighting in the street	contradiction
a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.	the man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard.	entailment
a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.	the man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard; too much drinking, i guess.	neutral
a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.	the gentleman in the t-shirt really shouldn't drink so much beer, as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard.	neutral
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer.	the boy is eating a sandwich on the moon.	contradiction
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer.	the boy is wearing shin guards.	neutral
a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.	the duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot.	neutral
a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.	the duck kept it's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish.	contradiction
a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.	there is an animal in the water.	entailment
a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles.	a girl at school getting a ruler.	contradiction
a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles.	a child at a party.	neutral
a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles.	making a wish.	neutral
a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor.	a gorup of girl is junping over each other.	entailment
a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor.	a gorup of girl is laying down.	contradiction
a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor.	a group of girl is playing.	entailment
man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck.	the two people are romantically involved.	neutral
man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck.	the two people are swimming.	contradiction
man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck.	there are two people near a bike.	entailment
a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.	a woman is walking in park	contradiction
a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.	a woman prepare a lunch in restaurant	neutral
a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.	a woman in restaurant	entailment
two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.	tall humans working.	neutral
two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.	nobody is working	contradiction
two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.	humans working.	entailment
a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.	a busker is wearing a hat.	neutral
a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.	a man is wearing a hat.	entailment
a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.	a man is playing guitar.	contradiction
family members standing outside a home.	strangers are standing indoors.	contradiction
family members standing outside a home.	a family is standing outside.	entailment
family members standing outside a home.	they own the home.	neutral
two gondola operators sit along a road in italy.	the gondola operators are taking a work break.	neutral
two gondola operators sit along a road in italy.	the gondola operators are in the water, pushing their boats.	contradiction
two gondola operators sit along a road in italy.	the gondola operators are in uniform.	neutral
a boy drags his sled through the snow.	a boy drags a sled up the hill	neutral
a boy drags his sled through the snow.	a boy drags his dog	contradiction
a boy drags his sled through the snow.	a boy drags a sled	entailment
a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.	two men are playing on a street corner.	neutral
a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.	two men are playing frisbee in the park.	contradiction
a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.	a man with glasses and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and singing along with a drummer.	entailment
a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture.	a girl dancing and photographer take a photo	entailment
a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture.	some players are playing cricket in ground	contradiction
a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture.	a girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo	neutral
two women are observing something together.	two women are looking at a flower together.	neutral
two women are observing something together.	two women are standing with their eyes closed.	contradiction
two women are observing something together.	two girls are looking at something.	entailment
a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom.	a man is flying a kite.	contradiction
a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom.	a man is speaking in a classroom.	entailment
a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom.	a man is teaching science in a classroom.	neutral
